no fb or hb.
3.5 50 7 90.
180 g 100 hg.
for sale is a.
60 3 7 90 ect.
i need ya help!
we come to you!
rrp as is $419.
few x there to.
50 a p 400 a g.
pick up at cbd.
pick up at cbd.
pick up at cbd.
1 gram many $170.
you will love it!
i have your back.
hook up to wickr.
easy meet in cbd.
will sell for $25.
take a look today.
700 rounds of 223.
700 rounds of 223.
140ug on each tab.
the face is white.
with white hi top.
hope you can help!
size is 49cm 78cm.
size is 49cm 78cm.
not a fuck around.
come one come all!
even a 50 will do.
.hook up at wickr.
pick up in the cbd.
pick up in the cbd.
pick up in the cbd.
pick up in the cbd.
pick up in the cbd.
text me now: wickr.
will pay cash only.
text or wickr only.
if not dont bother!
if not dont bother!
text for more info!
mate where are you?
special kush 1 o.g.
special kush 1 o.g.
two shakes your on.
hit me on wickr id.
real shit for sure.
this is 1mth cycle.
i've got your back.
082796 was built c.
can arrange try on.
it does not exsist.
ouyen area is fine.
wickr us for prices.
happy 4 20 fist off.
i'm a cannabis user.
you're in the wrong.
cash for 420 in cbd.
got lurica for sale.
contact us on wickr.
has grinder with it.
the service you des.
lets keep it simple.
lets keep it simple.
make a decent offer!
lets keep it simple.
step right up folks.
hey looking for 420.
thx wickr is wazeat.
all prices are fair.
i need to be colder!
got other candy too.
50 bucks has magnet.
min buy 50 bag only.
also have purple mr.
contact at wickr id.
contact at wickr id.
got the green goods.
my wickr is hersh44.
speed need gone asap!
we meet face to face!
we meet face to face!
not happy don't take.
wickr id is bushy420.
and guess what buddy?
quality rox in stock.
email me your number.
got sum rock to move.
reply with wickr pls.
you have been warned.
u want to get lifted?
show contact info or.
has to be high grade.
table in great shape.
available 25 hrs day.
available 25 hrs day.
brand new in the box.
brand new, 30cm long.
party hard get loose.
pain and party pills.
contact via wickr id.
contact via wickr id.
you have been warned.
get free quote today!
my wickr is mardan88.
contact via wickr id.
no bs, serious buyer.
no hassles or dramas.
in pain; please help.
pick up available too!
we respond quick fast.
we respond quick fast.
we respond quick fast.
we respond quick fast.
we respond quick fast.
reply with wickr addy.
need $100 before 10am.
we want repeat buyers!
420 cough syrup wickr.
this goes without say.
some dealers are 24 7.
4 railed barrel cover.
4 railed barrel cover.
don't forget wickr is.
don't forget wickr is.
cold 420 juice msg on?
call or text 75886059.
don't forget wickr is.
sms 0412095586 or via.
hit me up on wickr id.
hit me up on wickr id.
thank you for looking.
thank you for looking.
real cold up for dayz.
don't forget wickr is.
using for shaman work.
pref local to bendigo.
pull out table for tv.
don't forget wickr is.
send wickr id or email.
hit me up, blessedlxfe.
no not always the case.
i don't understand why.
dealers are people too.
call show contact info.
contact us via wickrid.
made in u.s.a 14 x 5.5.
contact us via wickrid.
170ug price on enquiry.
420 ready to go in cbd.
contact us via wickrid.
prices start from $350!
no drop offs only meet.
don't forget wickr i'd.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
do this beauty justice.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
contact me on wickr id.
contact me on wickr id.
contact me on wickr id.
contact me on wickr id.
contact me on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
contact us on wickr id.
give me a wickr mdpuff.
car is on ebay as well.
contact me on wickr id.
food is also available.
let me know what u got.
hey mate where are you?
contact via wickr only.
don't buy off this rat!
any questions email me.
i need some tranqulity.
180 per g wickr spencii.
quick and clean service.
just near balwyn or kew.
killa weed dnt miss out.
best icy cold available!
the hunt is over people!
the caps are 100mg each.
good quality dense nugs.
70 chandeliers to clear!
pick up only in the cbd.
72 hrs shipping to asia.
so stick to their hours!
drop me a text at wickr.
pick up 14mins from cbd.
contact us via wickr id.
consistent like a bitch!
pick up only in preston!
the service you deserve.
contact my wickr antiks.
wanted: bottle of xanax.
contact us via wickr id.
contact us via wickr id.
sick of the fuck around?
mission amp 3, s series.
looking for a q tonight.
ask for free report now.
if your happy, im happy.
if your happy, im happy.
if your happy, im happy.
what strain do you need?
treesagreen if needs be!
will trade for good bud.
cullen78 og 18 wickr id.
these are 120ug imports.
dispatched in 24 48 hrs.
these are 120ug imports.
email me with ur numbrr.
watch comes with papers.
service within the hour.
locals get free delivery.
cash only, no deliveries.
speaks for itself really.
drawers in lower portion.
small quantities for now.
based in western suburbs.
cash only no bs or drama.
let me know what you got.
warning she is a scammer.
i'll explain what i mean.
dont do swaps, cash only.
can deliver 0474 001 065.
i have other party goods.
what are you looking for?
get to it and inbox fast.
msg for an instant quote!
msg for an instant quote!
msg for an instant quote!
what are you looking for?
msg for an instant quote!
also got k at the moment.
what are you looking for?
from a point and upwards.
what are you looking for?
paying up to 550 for 2oz.
3 inch stainless exhaust.
after some for 420 today!
looking for lewis, wiper.
at least 10 would b good.
contact through wickr id.
proven not to dissapoint.
why settle for just okay.
100 money back guarantee.
what are you looking for?
be happy for you to come.
use wickr app to contact.
have a spare bag of buds.
equipped with abs brakes.
what are you looking for?
email or wikr: coldstrike.
email or wikr: coldstrike.
email or wikr: coldstrike.
2 x 3 size pot that's 100.
it's wat u been looking 4.
my aching back thanks you.
local1 text me now: wickr.
local1 text me now: wickr.
24 hrs shipping to europe.
we ask you to do the same!
it has the adverse effect.
it will be the real thing.
super comfortable to wear.
you can go somewhere else?
speaker can't be blown up.
we only serve the coldest!
pick up only in northcote!
i've got some decent budz.
features a scandium frame.
joneswills for more infos.
all types of kush contact.
i may help you drink them.
all receipts papers avail.
anyone seen gina the slag?
my wickr id marijuanaweed.
got the coota 50 p 200 hg.
cold source with the bara.
very good stuff available.
send your wickr via email.
hit me up wickr: homer420.
very potent and delicious!
very potent and delicious!
very potent and delicious!
several top shelf strains!
sooner cone sooner served.
doesn't finish til 4.20pm.
buyer pays return postage.
which i will not tolerate.
which i will not tolerate.
take it to the next level!
4 green perfect and mobil!
safe, reliable hassle free.
delivery to wantirna south.
got some unwanted greenage.
we are different from them.
safe, reliable hassle free.
looking to purchase changa.
emails and wickr preferred.
drivs an old silver falcon.
place your order via wickr.
place your order via wickr.
we have cold day and night.
included with rifle are: 1.
multi adjustable fore grip.
included with rifle are: 1.
multi adjustable fore grip.
please contact using email.
based in northern suburb's.
can do good deals just ask!
wanting to use for cooking.
i am a grower and a broker.
welcome all your inquiries.
le me know what you've got!
sup all got some nice budz.
only face to face and cash.
place your order via wickr.
get your qaulity icey cold!
you'll feel better on pips.
a grade, top quality smoke.
you'll feel better on pips.
staying in cbd apart hotel.
you'll feel better on pips.
message for price wickr id.
to have a puffin good time.
place your order via wickr.
good prices wikr dkcoldcut.
looking for a contact also.
cyrilemiles og 18 wickr id.
seeking quality 420 strains.
pro blasters slammers ivers.
face to face cash deal only.
got some hydro up for grabs.
bag: $360 nothing under a q!
bag: $300 nothing under a q!
paid over $300 20 years ago.
don't miss this opportunity.
858 768 199one $22,000 us $.
with empty magazine 3.28 oz.
we service all of la and oc!
i am in the lewisville area.
i am in the lewisville area.
gina cold sleepers seroquel.
1p 40 2p 70 10p 250 17p 350.
just hit him asap via wickr.
with empty magazine 3.28 oz.
happy to pay fee for travel.
excellent smoke, dense buds.
price starts at $25 per tab.
may have ammo to trade also.
send me your wickr id peeps.
just hit him asap via wickr.
cold sweeping in from north.
fast delivery contact wickr.
just hit him asap via wickr.
just hit him asap via wickr.
hit me up on wickr peksta05.
hit me up on wickr peksta05.
contact me on wickr italart.
just hit him asap via wickr.
i have 4 clones ready to go.
easy, convenient, cash only.
got nice stuff, 3pt for 100.
there are no dents anywhere.
i do not respond to e mails.
from $1.75 plain or printed.
i do not respond to e mails.
qtr or half wanted of green.
new tyres fitted 5000km ago.
it has bluetooth technology.
just hit him asap via wickr.
i'll fill your tank for $60.
thank you for your interest.
see you soon wickr: help420.
email me if need, dots only.
16013 serial number 9047336.
wholesale top of rang green.
fast delivery contact wickr.
got no car at the mo fuck it.
pick up only wickr:partymils.
im chasing some quality herb.
shoot me a text if you're on.
i guess it's from the 1920's.
last gram left from the best.
today only wickr blessedlxfe.
who ever you are who buys it!
its not worth the money here.
everywhere else in the world!
hello lovers of quality weed.
it's easy and less expensive.
tell me what you want for it.
hello lovers of quality weed.
you will not be disappointed!
all our products are 99 pure.
$15 $20 depending on postage.
hello lovers of quality weed.
by the people for the people.
will accept cash on delivery.
for the laydiez my shout pnp.
by the people for the people.
can deliver for an extra fee.
you will not be disappointed.
hello lovers of quality weed.
wickr hundie9384 or email me.
indica dominant hybrid looks.
.fast delivery contact wickr.
thanks for using our service.
.fast delivery contact wickr.
get your order satisfied now.
top quality bud up for grabs.
womens size 10 12 australian.
medical marijuana contact id.
indica dominant hybrid looks.
top grade ice, it's real ice.
medical marijuana contact id.
only looking for quality hot.
hello lovers of quality weed.
the best weed you can expect!
top shelf cold drinks on sale.
nice dense buds, earthy smell.
brand need to get rid of asap.
wickr pff2u our 5 policies: 1.
most are respectable citizens.
flexione11 420 also available.
flexione11 420 also available.
has only trace amounts of thc.
these are great for man caves.
turn them into instant shards!
different wickr id reliefmeds.
indoor 100 organic blue widow.
just nice dense resinous buds!
smokes up nice chops out nice.
hand made table in good shape.
beer keg labelled pure blonde.
melbmarc123 text 0431 228 768.
needing source of quality 420.
wanted: piracetam tongkat ali.
message me wickr: highcharity.
this is a one of a kind table.
framed iceberg print for sale.
franed iceberg print for sale.
use above link to have a look!
thanks contact us on wickr id.
kick octobomb a message today.
thanks contact us on wickr id.
thanks contact us on wickr id.
oldskool strength gina's back!
trainwreck x maui wowie grade.
kendrickvox007 og 18 wickr id.
best 420 out there guaranteed.
trainwreck x maui wowie grade.
take $50 off price for pickup.
legitguy420 or probably email.
wickr redhotpot for a q today.
good quality 420 pick up only.
the best way to find the best!
staying in cbd port melbourne.
gram of cold needing gone asap.
i have a pound to sell tonight.
located around patterson lakes.
can anybody help a brother out?
got the proper no cutters crap.
cost of going for a horse ride!
got some nice 420 up for grabs.
get in touch wikr: hourofpower.
quality cold points going fast.
high grade, quality guaranteed.
you aren't doing them a favour.
clean and clear ice cube drops.
oldschool420 or probably email.
this is a cheap and quick sale.
visit and grab better discount.
hi ive got lsd on blotter tabs.
got 200mg molly caps capped at.
got koota cold and other goods.
hit me up on wikr: dickcnormis.
and please dont ask for 1 or 2.
also loooking for some 420 oil.
smokes up nice chopps out nice.
how addictive is the drug cold.
cash only and no stuff arounds.
purple trainwreck green ribbon.
oldschool420 or probably email.
looking for long term business.
hit me up on wickr if you need!
help in pain relief and cancer.
seeking0 420 wickr calenduladd.
upgraded dash speakers and two.
help in pain relief and cancer.
oldschool420 or probably email.
send me an email if interested.
pickup only, please bring cash.
pick up only wickr jim420blaze.
selling as complete wreck only.
selling as complete wreck only.
new or used but must be in vgc!
joneswills thanks location usa.
help in pain relief and cancer.
test before you buy is welcome!
selling as a whole at $50 each.
no transfer just cash up front.
hit me up whitewiddowz nuggggs.
signature required on delivery.
signature required on delivery.
would fit size 8 if worn loose.
i am looking for 420 some bags.
i am a german 20 year old girl.
i can travel certain distances.
cold stuff add wikr: movementt.
help in pain relief and cancer.
110ug blotted tabs up for grabs.
hit me up on wickr: digdugdemon.
minimum delivery is 3p and over.
minimum delivery is 3p and over.
minimum delivery is 3p and over.
located north west around tulla.
minimum delivery is 3p and over.
has not and will not disappoint.
got weed yo wickr: thedankskank.
$1000 if sold this arvo tonight.
first in gets 3 points for $100.
wickr; highrrrr won't last long.
i will give them to a good home.
do not worry, we will guide you.
drop us a email with your wickr.
no 007 sneaking around bullshit.
so don't do it with your dealer.
some dealers have certain hours.
for this long weekend only deal.
i am looking for a couple phone.
must be in clean good condition.
different scoop sizes available.
will pay up to 450 in melbourne.
wickr jackofharts or 0405934519.
.tons tons of tri comb crystals!
mixed sizes of large and medium.
wickr shmokeyshmokey dense buds.
please contact me for more info.
after 1g cold in lakes entrance.
all types of kush xanas contact.
24 free bottles of beer for you.
only 10,715 miles on new engine.
also used boots size 8 for sale.
11.5cm, these things work great.
no mess around wikr drivebybill.
adult mission ice hockey skates.
need to buy a q, chadstone area.
need for personal medicinal use.
nice 420 for sale, pick up only!
if this is up i'm still looking!
happy to deliver within 10 15km.
happy to deliver within 10 15km.
joneswills or show contact info.
trade laptops or juice for cold.
joneswills or show contact info.
110ug tabs sourced from the dnm.
there is no mouthpiece included.
need something to cool you down?
can negotiate price and postage.
solid wood entertainment center.
been ripped off a lot so beware.
just published in february 2016.
will pay for the real hot stuff.
nice blue dreams strain just in.
self winding automatic movement.
just text me on wickr: charch24.
got a e tab blue superman only 1.
$550 quality work man women ship.
do the same with the left armpit.
holiday specials 420 super deals!
get in quick it never lasts long.
5 days for order inquiry contact.
car is in mint overall condition.
the smart guys already know this.
it will rake in billions for aus.
i've got some nice budz for sale.
contact wickr id maryjaneflowers.
top quality thats above the rest.
will pay whatever's a fair price.
effectively quit smoking forever.
see what we can do for you today.
i've got some nice budz for sale.
pick up in ballarat is preferred.
high lasts extra long, long time.
hardly been sat on and unmarkked.
same moneygram up frount payment.
looking for the best of the best.
interior in immaculate condition.
good stuff add on wikr movementt.
see what we can do for you today.
no individual parts will be sold.
text or call for prompt response.
tips.fast delivery contact wickr.
text or call for prompt response.
text or call for prompt response.
cash only wickr me on: jesse2020.
face to face no money gram scams!
chiller with the goods easy cash.
tips.fast delivery contact wickr.
prices are: $25 each 10 for $200.
prices are 25 each or 10 for 200.
ordering contact us to order now.
cheapest you will find in sydney!
exceptional cold available in cbd.
swaps for goods highly considered!
buyer must view and be at pick up.
buyer must view and be at pick up.
got some bics wickr: thedankskank.
price drop is staying permanently.
price drop is staying permanently.
size 12 18 corseted wedding dress.
crissbow cheetah mk iiii crossbow.
price drop is staying permanently.
gear is smooth and kicks in quick.
for pick up only in south preston!
i'm after some xannis and or vals.
download wickr and contact me via.
it smokes up nice chopps out nice.
prices amounts are not negotiable!
g quality and she beats any price!
hey, looking to get a 420 hook up.
can tailor to what you would like.
hit me up on wickr shmokeyshmokey.
cash only and face to face cheers.
hit me on our wickr id for orders.
open for business 12pm 4am 7 days.
shipping and delivery is discreet.
no damage what so ever farely new.
grade a very smelly perfect batch!
hit me up via wickr id joneswills.
grade a very smelly perfect batch!
wik rrr: thedankskank pickup only.
hey, looking to get a 420 hook up.
for more info, hit me on wickr id.
for more info, hit me on wickr id.
i'm all about a smooth, fast deal.
i'm all about a smooth, fast deal.
quality cold at affordable prices.
asking donations base on quantity.
special today 2oz for 200 tuesday.
looking for lsd can pay cash asap.
will pay extra if you can do this.
cold get it now all day, every day.
cold quality puff in cbd right now!
cold get it now all day, every day.
iexceptional cold available in cbd.
cold get it now all day, every day.
looking to pick up a g' around 4pm.
quality puff delivered in the area.
womens flyknit free 4.0 size us6.5.
retro single fin with modern twist.
available for delivery 5pm onwards.
all products are up to 50 discount.
selling my 08 hyundai tucson elite.
located in essendon but can travel.
wickr pff2u email: thru craigslist.
for more info,hit me via wickr i d.
there are a thousand other dealers?
i will also swap for gear and cash.
just stay connected with dr mc nel.
if your not on there then i'm gone.
excellent condition like brand new.
comes with a life protecting cover.
i don't have wheels but may travel.
i may travel to the station though.
can only offer 350 reasons to meet.
comes in original case with 2 mags.
selling 3.5s and 7s for 50 and 100.
indoor and outdoor units available.
my name is joneswills text or call.
just stay connected with dr mc nel.
i don't have wheels but may travel.
just stay connected with dr mc nel.
$30 with free postage in australia.
love to chat about what you've got!
pure indica, pure sativa or hybrid?
a1 quality and she beats any price!
cash only and face to face, cheers!
nice stinky no rock hard crap here.
can deliver around west sud or cbd.
pure indica, pure sativa or hybrid?
just stay connected with dr mc nel.
flushed properly and trimmed tight.
flushed properly and trimmed tight.
flushed properly and trimmed tight.
looking for a small amount of subs.
wickr me if you are keen to get on.
he will ask for your mobile number.
just message me on wickr: charch24.
i can text pics much easier, sorry.
please contact on wickr: redhotpot.
60 xavier street oak park victoria.
soft cover now available on amazon!
to date has never seen an accident.
it has a powerful 2.0 litre engine.
just stay connected with dr mc nel.
special cold deal this weekend only!
7g min cash only face to face meets.
need them both gone by monday night!
i'm around broadmeadows, north west.
only message with intent to pick up!
you can pick up or request delivery.
wickr isfrezzingcold sms 0479104630.
got some eccies wickr: thedankskank.
top shelf bubblegum hydro delivered.
7g min cash only face to face meets.
grab them quick before its too late.
happy days ahead people power rules.
please email or wik me on simoneab1.
beautiful nicely cleaned chardonnay.
rock river arms lar 15, multi lower.
miss gina can get any party started.
after cold delivery to bendigo area.
budz chop out nice got a good taste.
you can text me on wickr easylife12.
just wikr movementt we'll hook u up!
wickr melbmarc123 text 0431 228 768.
evrything ur chasing wikr movementt.
don't miss this weekend real stuffs.
don't miss this weekend real stuffs.
in the cbd preston coburg knox area.
please drop me line to inquire more.
message me on wickr if ur intrested.
there is an optional shoulder strap.
quality hydro bud belconnen pick up.
reason for leaving by jacob carlson.
reliable $100 q $300 bag 0434040559.
3.5 $50 and 7 $90 got plenty plenty.
extremely well made, dark hard wood.
anybody willing to tick me some cold?
quaking cold, clean tasty smokesmoke.
you should follow the instruction: 1.
do not shave or pull out armpit hair.
all cold needs just wicker dierussel.
anybody willing to give tick me cold?
wickr please: grem28 no fuck arounds.
they come with all security features.
for more info,hit me via wickr au420.
for this long weekend balls for $600!
i dont want one more than a year old.
w i k r fuckinpassword text or email.
drop offs up to half oz only 24hours.
i'm honest and straight to the point.
available for men's and women's also.
conveniently located off dorset road.
hi all, just putting the feelers out.
just stay connected with masterpills.
for more info,hit me via wickr au420.
excellent quality quick and reliable.
420 available anytime, st kilda area.
email me with prices or wicker jewdo.
specials on half oz and oz available!
specials on half oz and oz available!
will only respond on wickr gentz1232.
qs, halfbags, bags wickr jim420blaze.
looking 4 some stilnox sleeping tabs.
it's weekend real stuffs for my dogs.
only looking for a very small amount.
located in the south eastern suburbs.
email me with prices or wicker jewdo.
high grade smoke currently available.
he also posts in sydney and brisbane.
budlord downloa wickr from app store.
used twice, bought a week ago for 35.
free gram to seniors and ladies only.
a list of reasons that make say what?
fed up of cheap crappy asian nuggets?
the smell alone will have you hooked.
wickr: reggie3136 or call 0413442362.
overall condition: 9.7 10, very fine.
need a gram or so of a quality strain.
call or text or wickrid bigtonysworld.
delivering hydro melbourne 0402483438.
40 x endone two full sealed boxes 500.
please help; can travel and negotiate.
pick up only no moneygram or 711 crap.
pick up only no moneygram or 711 crap.
will sell to the 1st person with cash.
hey all cold, lollies, green and more.
got some good shards to keep ya going!
tabs here around cbd wickr amanda4420.
hit me up on wickr antiks for pricing.
the customer is just the money source.
kushlord downloa wickr from app store.
kushlord downloa wickr from app store.
message me and we can exchange wik id.
quality cannabis at affordable prices!
they have about a 50 50 thc cbd ratio.
face to face only can deliver as well.
all products are brand new and unused!
cold glass of energy always available.
is your small engine out of commision?
contact us on wickr id doctorstrange5.
im too pissed and my mates didnt show.
let me know if you want any more info.
i will only repond on wickr gentz1232.
contact us on wickr id doctorstrange5.
pioneer sound system with amp and sub.
selling for $80 or will swap for cold.
selling for $80 or will swap for cold.
real stuffs from the black man's land.
super molly wikr: mocdoc great prices!
theboss1234 meeting face to face only.
or cash please wickr me on: jesse2020.
1 tab for 20, 5 for 80 10 for 150 etc.
other top grade strain also available.
contact only via wickr: houndofcullen.
bulk amounts available at fair prices.
my wickr id is truckdriver1966 cheers.
brand new without tags leather jacket.
don't buy anything from them, no pics.
other top grade strain also available.
special, with in color texas pictures.
flexible with price need to sell asap.
contact only through wickr southyarra.
se and ws suburbs depends on location.
cold quality puff in cbd available now.
cold quality puff in cbd available now.
quality: nice and solid, has substance.
top shelf bubblegum or hydro delivered.
additional costs depending on location.
additional costs depending on location.
contact through wikr wikr id hummersby!
i will be selling it to make some coin.
get in touch through wickr on tripthis.
contact us via our wickr id joneswills.
dark cherry armorer for tv or clothing.
please let me know if you can help out!
will post if you are unable to pick up.
i'm in and out as fast as i want to be.
just look at california whats going on.
airsofts,golck and ak47 russian rifles.
jbuddy1 if your sick of messing around.
m powder pills wickr id, googfaith1990.
keep in mind after hours fee may apply.
after an bag of some good quality buds.
want to get over this once and for all.
if u have these, contact by wickr only.
this is the best crop we've ever grown.
joneswills for more details and prices.
i specialize in very very large orders.
msg movementt through the wikr app now.
morning sunshine rise an fucking shine.
quality contact via wikr app movementt.
winning buyer to pick up from location.
world class products, on time delivery.
we also offer deliveries to all states.
so if interested text us asap at wickr.
send me in your wickr id or just inbox.
if you can then please add me on wickr.
it comes with a roadworthy certificate.
contact only by mail show contact info.
send me questions at show contact info.
420 kush legit suppliers connect wickr.
we are available 24 7 for pickup in cbd.
we are available 24 7 for pickup in cbd.
we are available 24 7 for pickup in cbd.
will respond almost instantly with wikr.
we are available 24 7 for pickup in cbd.
will respond almost instantly with wikr.
shoot me a msg n i'll send ya my number.
buy folding marquees from instant shade.
quality greens bud in stock $15 per bud.
24 7 pickup delivery wickr mickeymouse8.
hi i'm in desperate need of pain relief.
i believe the wood is called golden oak.
super fun board in small or larger surf.
ill give u more info on it if u contact.
can meet in most areas of inner suburbs.
best price for an oz can pick up friday.
we all want drama, hasstle free dealers.
it's a freezing cold night in melbourne.
smooth smoke and a reliable steady high.
joneswills payment and ordering details.
del outer s e melb discrete and on time.
regulars know my pricing andrometer man.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
happy for you to try before buying also.
no scams or bullshit, just cash for 420.
hit me up on wickr if you need anything.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
made out of a sturdy alloy construction.
replies to your contact within 24 hours.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
.5 200 1.0 350 hb 450 wickr drfrostbite.
joneswills payment and ordering details.
i've got some pretty nice budz for sale.
can travel for a fee wickr bensfotwenty.
i've got some pretty good buds for sale.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
stock up now contact via wikr movementt.
available weed 420 ganja og 18 wickr id.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
famous, coast corvette in orange county.
the doors, hood and t top fit perfectly.
available weed 420 ganja og 18 wickr id.
will pay for your time price negotiable.
special offers for the first 10 clients.
special offers for the first 10 clients.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
this table can fit 6 chairs comfortably.
delivery is domestic, prompt and secure.
available weed 420 ganja og 18 wickr id.
delivery is domestic, prompt and secure.
delivery is domestic, prompt and secure.
34 terminators look great with this kit!
seroquel 100mg sero 50mg txt 0402078016.
top grade a bud and cold coke available.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
those green plants we grew is ready now.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
i live in the western suburbs melbourne.
420 kush real weed family connect wickr.
we give out oz, qp, hp, to multiple lbs.
wickr: woopdatass wickr: thegreendoctor.
available weed 420 ganja og 18 wickr id.
after 2 swap for samsung tv with remote.
wickr: woopdatass wickr: thegreendoctor.
quality cold goods available and others.
for more info,hit me via wickr stevemeds.
for more info, email or wikr; coldstrike.
have some dexxies, message for more info.
for more info, email or wikr; coldstrike.
wickr kareyokeyo up late but awake early.
im a simple guy that runs a simple store.
if you don't trust, don't message simple.
come to us or we'll bring the fun to you!
selling at a better price then the other.
fully rocks high purity, good stuff only!
portable massage table in good condition.
limited availability pick up only wicker!
contact me, stuff all these scam artists!
i think most of you get the general idea.
its all good by me if it gets a reaction.
self explanatory delivery to most area's.
maybe try burning something to stay warm?
quantities of some varieties are limited.
we provide ice cream to all of melbourne.
experience the difference for yourselves.
jbuddy120 if your sick of messing around.
msg with order i'll get back to you asap.
place an order via wickr id kushmate2000.
here is the list of some of our products.
many units available, indoor and outdoor.
free gram to senior care and ladies only!
free gram to senior care and ladies only!
on the hunt for 420 wickr: blazeitup2811.
got some nice 420 for sale at good rates!
looking to get 420 around brunswick area.
free gram to senior care and ladies only!
e mail or wicker cimtrue1970 for further.
for more info,hit me via wickr stevemeds.
fits all ford trucks with a 5.4 or a v10.
experience the difference for yourselves.
looking for swap 420sskunk with hot slow.
we ship overnight and discreetly as well.
we ship overnight and discreetly as well.
gets you really high got other candy too.
for more info,hit me via wickr stevemeds.
for more info,hit me via wickr stevemeds.
no deals past 7pm, i'm usually available.
ive gotvthe goods u r chasing 0481272618.
looking for a half pound of quality budz.
50a dot 200half for more enquire pick up.
drugpushers downloa wickr from app store.
no fuck arounds, cash only, face to face.
message for current strain info and pics.
top indoor strains and seeds purple kush.
leaving melb soon and can't take with me.
must buy before close of business sunday.
you can easily find those pics on google.
anyone servicing the area in high regard.
call or e mail michael show contact info.
this car has 2nd row split folding seats.
looking for prices on a qp, hp, n full p.
dr mc nel got this quality medical stuff.
for more info,hit me via wickr stevemeds.
quick, reliable and discreet service 24 7.
quick, reliable and discreet service 24 7.
jbuddy0402 if your sick of messing around.
in melbourne and still still feeling cold!
you'll definitely chill out on our ponies!
looking after some cold for 5p and a pipe.
genuine nice dudes only don't b a fukkwit!
ive got the shit before its cut oldschool.
either bairnsdale or lakes would be great.
1 7 370 1 gram280 half gram220 points ask.
it has all the guts and is in great shape.
today only get your points 60ea delivered.
hey i have some good 420 up for sale here.
suppliers there are many and will be more.
make the late thing a rarity not the norm.
if you can't or won't respect your dealer?
joneswills, get payment and ordering info.
potent, fragrant, tasty and clean burning.
this has a great nose, smells like grapes.
our packaging is discreet and nondescript.
2 watts with a 5 speaker effects built in.
dont fuck me around or i wont sell to you.
or inbox me for my number or pictures ect.
cold sherbet available in different sizes.
lnib comes with paperwork, 2 mags and box.
our packaging is discreet and nondescript.
jbuddy1209 if your sick of messing around.
hit us up thru the wikr app msg movementt.
pref local to bendigo, can meet otherwise.
so if u need hit me up on wickr gentz1232.
all in good condition, mostly medium size.
in nov 2015 tuned and all lubricants were.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
the chairs been used for roughly 9 months.
top quality smoke, dense and sticky choof.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
3.5 50 q 80 h 150 oz 290 wickr:greenbaron.
100g ak 47 $350, qp $450,hp $650,kp $1200.
wanted some pinga's and if not some speed.
and or lay off the cold, stick to the hot.
please contact me if u need my assistance.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
this besson prestige tenor horn serial no.
parking will be a breeze with park assist.
fab 144, nm2201, u 47700, adrafinil, mdpv!
hey i have fuel voucher but want the cash.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
dr bill is back in town with all you need.
delivery and pick up available lovely 420.
unhappy, return the product and ill refund.
send number and i will text u details back.
msg for a quote pick up only no execptions!
you can buy marquees at competitive prices.
cash only no checks, wires or money orders.
anyone willing to tick me an 8ball of cold?
contact via wickr on the username tripthis.
$550 6'7 x 21 x 2.75 mid length single fin.
q $90 hf $160 bag $280 wickr bubblegumkush.
beware i have guys trying to tack her down.
half g to any info tjat leads to something.
the dude even delivers all across the city!
ssung note 350 negotiable pick up box hill.
you can request a mixed variety of strains.
masterpills247 420 kush aaa grade wickr id.
rox 3 150 minimum 5 250 wickr: fr33znpo1nt.
msg me via wickr provided in display image.
additional pictures can be sent on request.
3.5 50 q 90 h 160 oz 300 wickr: greenbaron.
please reply through cl or text 0400685846.
looking for 420 in cbd, delivery or pickup.
need bud in burwood cash only no moneygram.
only the a for all that might like to ejoy.
hey wikir treesagreen 4 som fresh goodness.
go go asap msg me and let's get this going.
for any questions, call us on 03 9310 4017.
for any questions, call us on 03 9310 4017.
usb a male to mini b 8 pin male connectors.
running super molly caps tonight capped at.
hit me up with your wickr id or just inbox!
gina's back, tell a friend min order is 20.
i got q's for sale great quality good shit!
ive got the dopest dope in melb guaranteed!
quick transactions, always happy customers.
2 or 3 g's wanted in the se, will pay cash.
yo after 2 or 3 g's in se cash on delivery.
puff cold quality puff in cbd available now.
we are available for all your puffing needs.
you can get your first class cold right now.
we are available for all your puffing needs.
you can get your first class cold right now.
we are available for all your puffing needs.
you can get your first class cold right now.
get a regular supplier contact via wickr id.
please contact via email or wikr: coldstorm.
we are available for all your puffing needs.
you can get your first class cold right now.
we are available for all your puffing needs.
you can get your first class cold right now.
discounts for parties that come to westside!
message wikr hummersby for the fun to begin!
only a course of treatment never recurrence.
just been messed around now out in the cold.
have some dexxies, msg on wickr spacedout22.
these dealers are only short term operators.
overseas they're everywhere and good prices.
goodfaith1990 some few of what we got below.
can meet locally, or delivery at added cost.
message me and i will see if i can help you.
less flavour and potency than the top grade.
.2scoop $110 3scoop $160 wickr: fr33znpo1nt.
$70 cash delivery to st kilda tonight wickr.
download the app wickr and add me now wickr.
they are 1.8 m long 50cm deep and 1.1m high.
breakfast is served with that special sugar!
i have things people might be interested in.
here in preston 50$ each any unwanted goods?
willing to shout puff and chill with a girl.
download the app wickr and add me now wickr.
freezing cold in thornbury for pick up only!
100g og kush $280, qp $400,hp $650,kp $1200.
usb 2.0 compliant, up to 480 mbps data rate.
grown with care and fed only the best nutes.
grown with care and fed only the best nutes.
grown with care and fed only the best nutes.
grown with care and fed only the best nutes.
hey all if you are from the south east area.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
feel free to message us thanks for visiting!
in excellent condition with battery charger.
in perfect condition, includes the mattress.
rack rate normally $250 wickr: teampuffmelb.
quality marijuana and cannabis oil for sale.
it has 7 airbags fitted for your protection.
email me or message on wickr wickr kingo705.
pick up lovely 420 in toorak or cbd tonight!
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
$20 each with free postage within australia.
people who want to invest within the company.
providing h to melbourne cbd and the suburbs.
grouse puff delivered south east suburbs 50p.
for sale brand new samsung 32 curved monitor.
350 g no fuck arounds get it while it's cold.
we will act courteously, honestly discreetly.
send your wik id and i will contact you asap.
was my secondary phone and no needed anymore.
squirrel monkeys have nails instead of claws.
the shelving is disassembled and ready to go!
prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
good quality, consistent, reliable, punctual.
prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
ship anywhere everywhere all states shipping.
ship anywhere everywhere all states shipping.
joneswills aussie stoner text me on wickr id.
delivery available around south east suburbs.
email me asap and i will reply quickly, thnx.
ketamine morphine coke heroine contact wickr.
freddy boy is back in town with all you need.
best price for 420 oz needed now in werribee.
there isnt any room for these babies anymore.
best top 10 strains medical buds,green weeds.
prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
included is the new oak diameter replacement.
you can relax, this car also has park assist.
outer suburbs please make booking in advance.
wtb airsoft preferably c02 but not too fussy.
superlative chronometer officially certified.
want to get 420 delivered to the cbd tonight.
freddy boy is back in town with all you need.
would prefer to sell all three boxes together.
q is max first sale to new c90ustomers please.
money back garantee so wckr the shark anytime.
and how should i use the medicine effectively?
wickr with location amount and what is needed.
i've got 20ml of gina i wanna swap for hammer.
for more information go through below details.
so tread with caution to avoid disappointment.
if you have interest please contact me philip.
if you have interest please contact me philip.
50$ per point wickr for near instant response.
50$ per point wickr for near instant response.
contact via wickr provided in the image above.
if you have any questions, please let me know!
contact via wickr provided in the image above.
so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
joneswills don't be scammed i'm in the states!
we deliver our packages safely and discreetly.
me on wikr app for more info price$ movementt.
420 stoners pickup or delivery melbourne wide!
also in nov 2015, new wheels and goodrich tas.
so if any1 needs hit me up on wickr gentz1232.
visit our fun havens domain ebay online store.
pick o r delivery west sub near taylors lakes.
100g blueberry $300, qp $450,hp $650,kp $1200.
unique attractive desk lamp made of real wood.
we are looking for long term potential buyers.
has an awsome high too got other candy aswell.
hit me up with your wickr id or just inbox me.
message me and we can see what you would like.
delivery available tomorrow night book in now!
brand new snoop dogg g pens in blue available.
got ur friens n fams here val xan dex rit cody.
loud!dank!sticky wickr: qualityonlybra limited.
mj there with mr call text wickr bigtonysworld.
do not stop until the medicine bottle is empty.
might be able to organise delivery in inner se.
the plate inside says it's a stromberg carlson.
after large amount of quality 420 in melbourne.
this shit is reserved for the the harder scene.
i still have them, hydrogel made nikki ass big?
dealers want drama, hasstle free customers too.
hey, always decent gear at a competitive price.
mid grade decent quality, more generic strains.
emails are answered at any hour, monday sunday.
for sale is an almost brand new galaxy s7 edge.
my complete price list is available via e mail.
preferably another sig or something higher end.
i've worn them twice and have no need for them.
not much left 100 1 2g 200 g wickr hilldawg420.
emails are answered at any hour, monday sunday.
for pick ups only swaps for goods or cash only.
great opportunity to own a combo tv dvr system.
selling worn sweaty labour t shirts and shorts!
selling some brand new grav labs steam rollers.
contact with suburb what you need and how much.
message me wickr only: green2you if interested.
large bookshelf for pick up only and with cash.
not another dickhead selling salt to make coin!
looking for dmt, or dmt bark or ayahuasca brew.
i have some biccies left over from the weekend.
want a good consistent strain send me an email.
hard to start up again afta grand prix weekend?
swap for cash n party goods boxed 16gb telstra.
unit is two peace's, top separates from bottom.
code: k5013 rolex datejust watch 18k yg ss ref.
locally made tasmanian oak square dining table.
did one last night and blew my fucking head off!
warm up with polkadots come in sices 1.5 $100 2.
localcvs contact download wickr id on app store.
plus thousands of crystal drops and spare parts!
contact via the wickr on the username, tripthis.
easy to deal 60pt 5 270 wickr only shardlust016.
i mean wtf, and its supposed keep things secure.
show them that tiny little bit of consideration.
4 for 50 pick up yarraville: wickr bensfotwenty.
download wickr from app store and contact wickr.
just looking for a little roland micro cube amp.
hoping someone out there can help a brother out.
also swap for things of interest or other drugs.
so if anyone needs hit me up on wickr gentz1232.
so if anyone needs hit me up on wickr gentz1232.
jack herer is the parent to many subset strains.
for customers withing 10 miles delivery is free.
for customers withing 10 miles delivery is free.
sup all got some pretty good budz at the moment.
for customers withing 10 miles delivery is free.
visible trichomes only and must be nicely cured.
for customers withing 10 miles delivery is free.
for customers withing 10 miles delivery is free.
100g white widow: $330,qp $450,hp $650,kp $1200.
100g hindu kush: $350, qp $450,hp $650,kp $1200.
100g super skunk $300, qp $550,hp $650,kp $1250.
ive got the dopest dope in melbourne guaranteed!
coota quality puff message me need to cool down?
reply via email or wickr: hamillus 1p 50 5p 220.
besson prestige be2050 silver plated tenor horn.
asks you to transfer money via western union to.
gram: $250 ball: $600 contact me on wikr: dots6.
brand new cnc 6040 3 axis router 1.5 kw spindle.
item location is fawkner call faheem 0451149166.
the first rolex datejust was introduced in 1945.
we have sweet puff pipes and exceptional product.
id: coldstorm cold get it now all day, every day.
we have sweet puff pipes and exceptional product.
we have sweet puff pipes and exceptional product.
we have sweet puff pipes and exceptional product.
quality 420, consistent quality wickr gotdagoods.
we have sweet puff pipes and exceptional product.
any where 20 min distance from cbd is cool by me.
e mail and we'll swap numbers or wickr cotsee101.
if you can pick it up contact me on wickr jjnnrr.
tick for collateral of what i see as equal value!
i got some fire bundles going for sell right now.
over the next few days it will be as cold as ice.
designer long dresses are available at low price.
half g $200 ball $650 pickup only $700 delivered.
idownload wicker and contact me via weedmesiah19.
quality 420 kush aaa grade $200 image 1 wickr id.
dw collector series maple solid shell snare drum.
kushsupplier11 including medical marijuana cards.
trophy's, model cars, shop displays and counters.
.2 $110 3 minimum for delivery wickr fr33znpo1nt.
cbd location wickr melbmarc123 text 0431 228 768.
if u want i got msg me on the wikr app movementt.
if interested customers contact us now via wickr.
if interested customers contact us now via wickr.
good quality cold 10 mins from cbd wickr bowie89.
see ya all ma hommies dudes matey mates brothers.
leather suede knee high heel boots in tan colour!
delivery price may apply face to face meets only.
if you can advise and supply that would be great.
kushsupplier705 get best deals when getting more.
100g hawaii skunk:$320, qp $400,hp $600,kp $1100.
got the cold sleepless stuff, molly and the vals.
feel free to message me, if you have any queries!
bright and dark green hues covered in dust smell.
see ya all ma hommies dudes matey mates brothers.
see ya all ma hommies dudes matey mates brothers.
strictly 9am 12 midday on saturday 19 march 2016.
bright and dark green hues covered in dust smell.
see ya all ma hommies dudes matey mates brothers.
would like and will pay for a premium brand name.
also now available mdma pure clean good crystals.
want 2 or 3 g's delivered face to face cash only.
kangaroomeds will swap for rite deal mary n cold.
if interested customers contact us now via wickr.
last half g need gone asap $250 ono wickr spencii.
regulars will also have their cold prices dropped.
keeping u updated with the status of the delivery.
keeping u updated with the status of the delivery.
keeping u updated with the status of the delivery.
looking for legit hot horse hammer or a dope ride!
looking for a full box of pain relief; two strips.
call 1800 0833 00 to buy and for more information.
each bottle can be used for a period of two weeks.
texts me via wickr id localcvs order via whatsapp.
fast response time, quality assured no f k around.
come to us if you too have a worn out antique bed.
delivery: extra $10 area depending do not call me.
text only if interested text contact via wickr id.
quality cold rocks that you have been waiting for!
i don't have wheels but may travel to the station.
the length of its body is nine to nineteen inches.
we have around 25 glass display cabinets for sale.
free post within australia for orders over $80.00.
msg for a instant quote cash and goods trade only!
reliable connect with masterpills top quality 420.
i am very very busy, please be patient, thank you.
friday is here and its gonna be another long week.
i live in the cbd in melbourne on swanston street.
obo stunning glass top dining table with 4 chairs.
delivery is 100 successful and garantee worldwide.
we ship world wide and offer a door step delivery.
anything bigger will be discussed when applicable.
only serious dude whatsapp number is 237670122254.
we ship world wide and offer a door step delivery.
discounts for 10packs and above all are capped at.
we ship world wide and offer a door step delivery.
or somebody that also wants a half pound for 1400.
quality marijuana and cannabis oil for sale wickr.
quality marijuana and cannabis oil for sale wickr.
pineapple inhale, bright kush like exhale effects.
pick up geelong contact me on wickr: geelongcream.
pineapple inhale, bright kush like exhale effects.
ebook download for ipad aud$4.22 and pdf aud$5.41.
must be able to pick up and transport it yourself.
lovely 420 available for delivery and pick up now!
to contact us, hit reply to email or message wickr.
to contact us, hit reply to email or message wickr.
to contact us, hit reply to email or message wickr.
to contact us, hit reply to email or message wickr.
to contact us, hit reply to email or message wickr.
with quick response and unbelievably fast delivery.
with quick response and unbelievably fast delivery.
with quick response and unbelievably fast delivery.
wickr noworriesxxmate are you in the hunt for cold.
buyer must view, and be at any pickup of furniture.
rocker is made of solid wood and heavier than most.
if you interested contact me jakefergu637 at gmail.
cash up no money gram please contact me 0413329305.
this phone came out of an old house in orlando, fl.
butiful bud, 30 sativa 70 indica hybrid great high!
this is like watching an infant grow up and mature.
many dealers preying on the public s vulnerability.
we off a professional drop service nominated by us.
why are you bashing on their door at 3am for stick?
hey guys im offering top quality sticky smelly 420.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
cash or swaps for your items and good pick up only!
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
its tail is about fourteen to nineteen inches long.
for instant response contact via wickr bigboii9292.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
50 p 220hg 400g 600 hb any questions wickr westy01.
all in 10 10 condition, with everything in the box.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
cash only welcome to check product before purchase.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
happy easter 420 pickup or delivery melbourne wide!
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
please verify model compatibility prior to payment.
we offer a very fast and reliable delivery service.
we offer a very fast and reliable delivery service.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
we offer a very fast and reliable delivery service.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
got some presses wik rrr: thedankskank pickup only.
inventory closeout price was $1,200.00 now $495.00.
size 36 38 cotton thongs by h m; shipping shipping.
if you would like more info or pics just hit me up.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
looking for acid lsd lucy wickr: lelaland1234 cash.
if you want party pack hit me up wickr partyconect.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
only straight business with trust worthy customers.
selling good stuff in glen waverley wickr:fakemouse.
wickr: celticapex1916 or email wickr id is tripthis.
can reply to this or contact me on wickr: matty2408.
soulblu is an australian owned and operated company.
i challenge you to find one this nice at this price.
rego expires in february 2017 and rwc ready anytime.
i am the original owner and this is my everyday car.
they are just taking advantage of the disadvantaged.
but people will wake up when the real thing is here.
q's,half's, and bags pick up only wickr evan420weed.
delivery avaliable, pick up in the northern suburbs.
buy stylish tops, designer tops online in australia.
quality 420, pickup preferred, add wickr gotdagoods.
we are direct suppliers of various health medicines.
yes we have provided to sweden without any problems.
highkush downloa wickr from app store weed 420 kush.
100grams purple kush:$385, qp $450,hp $650,kp $1200.
just offering me assistance to any one needing help.
lordduke11 dr mc nel got this quality medical stuff.
call me shalomhit and now let's go on with business.
$20 each looking for quick sale wickr: highonlife12.
really nice cold great prices 1 50 5 230 0498731153.
bring home the finest lounge furniture in melbourne.
perfectly fine, just only wanted it for the weekend!
cold deli 1 60 2 100 5 200 10 350 wickr, coopes0271.
that's correct 31 amazing dunhill lighters for sale.
no bullshit or drama; just a dude needing some help.
wickr: westieanon or email me directly from this add.
hey chasing cold in anglesea area if anyone can help?
very nice smoke 1 60 2 100 5 $220 wickr: chunkysoup1.
all orders are discreetly shipped in plain packaging!
or you need only one bottle if your symptom is light.
hi buddy, real nice quality charlie is available now.
winters hear, get quality supplies in the south east.
looking for 50's or 60's tannoys both single or pair.
legit quality gear wickr for more details kareyokeyo.
if we are 20 minutes away, we are 15 20 minutes away!
but saying that to your dealer doesn't mean anything.
we usually only have one low grade strain at at time.
hi all, i'm currently selling my full mac makeup kit.
great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
sovif anyone needs hit me up on wickr only gentz1232.
wikr movementt for more info on prices quality sizes.
hey got a range of old underwear i am getting rid of.
i have a lot so if you want to buy them, let me know.
i'm frothing for a decent glass pipe to use for cold.
fentanyle spray violet label 400ug cold chemist made.
oc op, no scam, please be mature and in genuine need.
lordduke11 and he will immediately provide your need.
grade a 420 maryjane delivered and 420 charlie ready.
no cops, no bullshit but discrete i will be with you.
none of this bitcoin moneygram paranoid amateur shit.
pineapple life saver yeah the light yellow one taste.
im in the western sub i work off small delivery fees!
hey im selling some good weed in the eastern suburbs.
elegant seeing mannequin with adjustable wooden base.
pick up only introduction special 5 tickets for $150!
pineapple life saver yeah the light yellow one taste.
great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
hey looking for real people to exchange products with.
or additional costs depending on distance to delivery.
i've got bics and bud q's 80 halves 150 wickr: c4sper.
hey guys after some 420 this eve by around before 9pm.
hawthorne and surrounding suburbs are most convenient.
these are the prices for our famous dutch import caps.
these are the prices for our famous dutch import caps.
if u have any of these reply back via this same email.
would you go into coles and ask to pay them next week?
they're the ones risking jail time to do you a favour.
great product with good prices and traveling your way.
having trouble sleeping wickr id meticulousone' mwa x.
oldschool420 dr mc nel got this quality medical stuff.
the crystals are crushed up and put into gel capsules.
hey fellow smokers, im selling some good quality weed.
i work so prices arent an issue, just needing it asap.
here are the details where he wants you to send money.
oldschool420 dr mc nel got this quality medical stuff.
try our stock just hit us up on wikr me now movementt.
top quality cold stuff to warm you through the nights.
oldschool420 dr mc nel got this quality medical stuff.
we do packaging in bags and plastic in different ways.
budhouse prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
severe pain depression wax 82 87 thc pure concentrate.
msg or email your wickr and i'll get back you to asap.
banger shards pick up upwey $50 p sms or wickr eidorb.
1g $20 2g $40 3g $60 7g $95 wickr buddahbean xokailah.
please txt email or wicker, bushy420, prices are good.
time is cruical so fast easy meet greet and on my way.
we offer discreet and reliable packaging and delivery.
100g super silver haze:$420, qp $450,hp $650,kp $1200.
hb 200 bg 350 prices include delivery wickr fourand20.
we do world wide delivery which is discreet and loyal.
available for pick up anytime is grade a quality puff.
authentic new in box never worn with original receipt.
i can score for 2800 so hit me up on wikr at aazzawrf.
if you can help and meet my budget please let me know.
after alprazolam xanax kalma reply if you can provide.
a new player has emerged posting a one stop drug shop.
you will love these features designed to fit 7 people.
jaykush87 master kush, cripple chronic and diamond og!
hi i thought it would be fun to sell my socks on here.
1g $20 2g $40 3g $60 7g $95 wickr xokailah buddahbean.
got quality and plenty of quantity try before you buy.
can travel within reason from south of melb frankston.
https: madebyfressko.com shop tour fressko flask 400ml.
got some nice clear mdma as you can tell from the pics.
no business past 6pm, pickup only from blackburn south.
pick up from cbd or delivery available for a small fee.
buy counterfeit money real and fake documents wickr id.
sup u,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
1 $60 2 $110 3 $ 160 min delivery 5 $230 wickr su8zer0.
appraisal services and consulting available on request.
the smoke is smooth and easy, making you feel the same.
joneswills for more information about the best, thanks.
everything is sent vacuum sealed and there is no smell.
we also don't keep any incriminating long term records.
25 50mins till you hear back from me after first email.
double mattress for sale paid $500 for it one year ago!
q 100 half 160 bag 280 add me on wickr only gotdagreen.
kushsupplier11 high quality medicines for all patients.
hi all, i'm looking for charles this afternoon in melb.
300mg tabs those who know what it is contact me to get.
hey guys chasing some 420 in bacchus marsh melton area.
everything is sent vacuum sealed and there is no smell.
we also don't keep any incriminating long term records.
www.luvsellinstuff.com i have over 3000 items for sale.
sound bars on rear bulkhead that produces great sounds.
please don't waste my time if you've got average stuff.
originally cost 100$ and i'm not in need of it anymore.
hey need sum 420 if you can help would be great thanks.
check our various price and for others, get back to us.
they seem to advertise for pnp shard louie and laptops.
no stuffing around dont really care what time of night.
body style coupe and the engine is 6 cylinder gasoline.
no time wasters or window shoppers wickr: proatcooking.
come.get sorted hassle free nugs for the rainy weekend?
now doing deliveries and pick up wickr me whitewiddows.
med,5apb 6apb, th pvp,4f php, 4f pvp,fub amb,mmbc,4cmc.
bought new for $1800 in richmond and rarely used since.
no longer needed and willing to sell wickr: woopdatass.
pick up in cbd will deliver for a small fee if possible.
if able to assist, please contact my wikr at cannabus16.
wikr hummersby if you wish to buy discounts for pickups.
plz no bullshit or cut lunch just after good qual puffy.
2 in tables and coffee table to match wood on furniture.
cash only, no checks, money orders or wires of any kind.
cash only, no checks, money orders or wires of any kind.
looking for some regular 420 in the east gippsland area.
i've got green and bics q's 80 halves 150 wickr: c4sper.
we pride in value for those seeking exceptional quality.
creative fire design solutions for your home and office.
sup au,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
beware people this low life dog has scammed me big time.
message me for quality direct hit me up on wickr antiks.
i sell fat fully rolled top shelf blunts i deliver them.
medium to large sized buds, with plenty of orange hairs.
sup au,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
well processed top 10 medical marijuana for your health.
have been verified by budbay as safe provider via phone.
sup au,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
most importantly, i'm consistent, reliable and punctual.
top shelf medical marijuana available and lucy wickr id.
hi, i'm after a q of high grade 420 in the bayside area.
looking to lose fat and gain muscle as fast as possible.
well processed top 10 medical marijuana for your health.
sup au,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
sup au,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
contact, download wickr app from the apps store wickr id
well processed top 10 medical marijuana for your health.
the stuff smells just like bubblegum and smokes amazing.
need the pure cw where less than a point actually works.
sup au,hi capa 4.3,glock 43 and ak47 available for sale.
selling because it doesn't match the house after moving.
well processed top 10 medical marijuana for your health.
hey guys just cottoned on to a big batch from interstate!
if you can help me out then hit me up, wickr: whatthe314.
if buds are good, i will come back to buy an ounce or so.
dose: use 2 or 3 bottles of 12ml to have the best result.
how to make the best of vietnam body odor heirloom spray?
available here legit delveries safe simple 24 7 wickr id.
if interested but you never knows how and what about its.
i'm in bairnsdale but happy to travel to lakes, sale etc.
don't miss this huge chandelier garage sale in chadstone.
hurry blowout sale today on all fireplace wooden heaters.
contact me for genuine lsd on blotter tabs 160ug per tab.
will pay cash for tools electricals good and other items.
we transact in public until you me us we are comfortable!
and the movement of goods is largely due to its customer.
1g $20 3.5g $50 5g $65 7g $90 14g $160 21g $210 28g $270.
no accessories with the fone as lost during house moving.
if you have bong cleaning materials too, that'd be great.
pickup only wickr jim420blaze top smoke and a great high.
no business after 6pm wickr me at hundie9384 or email me.
a friend gave me one which worked wonders for a few days.
cold west close to cbd $60 p wikr bowie89 can't delivery.
contact through wickr that is visible in the above image.
attention: harvest season is over here on the west coast.
you will also appreciate the coach work on this corvette.
corvette people know what that means the pictures do not!
only half g minimum and they are going for a good number.
joneswills so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
.02 so you get a great and clean effect through the trip.
strong body with slightly impaired mental acuity potency.
fredmurison quality medication, steriods, actavis promth.
high super quality marijuana strains for your daily dose.
40 and 27 round solid wood tables in excellent condition.
strong body with slightly impaired mental acuity potency.
mindblowing cold, youve tried the rest now grab the best.
call faheem 0451149166 item location is fawkner victoria.
get you high and stone stuff going very fast so be quick!
add me on wickr for prices and to order wickr: secrets420.
pick up preferred in cbd but will come to you if suitable.
any 10p 1g orders receives a free genuine sweet puff pipe.
hey, chasing cold in anglesea area if anyone can help out.
top quality cold better than most out there at the moment.
is there any way that is inexpensive with lifetime effect?
please can anyone tick me 7g's quarter oz until next week?
i just have a few and don't have any use for them anymore!
after i got your wickr should be smooth sailing from then.
hey people got ox and temaz at great prices will go quick.
come to pain reliefs 240 i have the best quality products.
need a few xannies to help me get over numb arms at night.
masterpills247 masterpills got this quality medical stuff.
goodcharlie so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
goodcharlie so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
kush great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
kush great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
high quality medical marijuana for your medical solutions.
please add me on wickr jesse2020 have a good holiday guys.
kush great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
backhoe has an 18' bucket and the arm reaches out 10 feet.
kush great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
kush great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
message me at show contact info tein coil over suspension.
can pay cash or trade for premium jack herer or bubblegum.
can't contact you for some reason my wickr is colgate3150.
i hope we r on the same page if u reply u know wot i want.
our shipping and delivery cost is 100 safe and convinient.
please text oh four 5 ate 6 one three 4 nine three cheers.
low kilometers very well looked after, ex' government car.
joneswills aussiestoner also leave a message on the email.
lordduke11 with dr mc nel pains are taking awayyyyyyyyyyy.
old skwel loui wippa speed 50 1pt cold 80 1pt ganja 20 1g.
i'm a keen and reliable peep so hit me up if you're flush.
wickr me whitewiddowz great nugs great price whitewiddowz.
come to pain reliefs 240 i have the best quality products.
more info about our services call us or visit our website.
really good cold 1 $50 5 $230 wicker shardanay 0498731153.
open 24 hours, we deliver anywhere, with no extra charges!
80 a q 140 a half pick up in st kilda only wickr: leds789.
friendly service: wickr: woopdatass wickr: thegreendoctor.
the good old classic val and clon with the new one serapax.
solid indica that hits pretty hard, but not a named strain.
free delivery on orders 10 limited supply so inquire today.
wickr: greenbaron leave a mobile number for faster service.
selling good stuff in glen waverley.min 7g wickr:fakemouse.
quality cold here quality smoke and gear any ammount avail.
just taste try be for you buy no problems wickr kareyokeyo.
wouldn't overcharge, this would spell liquidation for them.
hi i am looking for a phone that is modern and not damaged.
we ship everywhere in australia with quick, secure service.
to use, apply to fingertip or a cracker and put into mouth.
pick up available 24 7 2 $110 3 $160 5 $230 wickr: su8zer0.
please text or call 0415314964 as i dont use wickr anymore.
we got top grade medical marijuana of all strains for sale.
dimplex portable air conditioning unit excellent condition.
420 marijuana kush free delivery top shelf organic strains!
420 marijuana kush free delivery top shelf organic strains!
420 marijuana kush free delivery top shelf organic strains!
and many other pills ready for delivery all over the world.
sandra o'loughlin po box 969 portland vic 3305 03 55217789.
legit medical marijuana 420 top shelf medics $520 wickr id.
cyrilemiles contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id.
looking for study aids; can travel anywhere the train goes.
i can send you pictures as well if you like, for $20 extra?
legitguy420 with dr mc nel pains are taking awayyyyyyyyyyy.
hey im after a halfa of cold if anyone can help and deliver.
q 80 hlf 150 oz 270 in coburg, can deliever for extra wickr.
chairs were custom designed to flow with couch and loveseat.
message me on wickr for pics more about prices and delevery.
oldschool420 with dr mc nel pains are taking awayyyyyyyyyyy.
jack herer mostly sativa northern lights 5 x skunk 1 x haze.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
update: 15 04 16 current stock as of 15th apr mdma: 89 caps.
we grow them at our farm and sell to our customers directly.
masterpills247 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
pickup is from our new state of the art bayswater warehouse.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
been getting fucked around recently if you want it i got it!
get your glassware ready coz the good stuff is finally here.
oldschool420 with dr mc nel pains are taking awayyyyyyyyyyy.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
oldschool420 with dr mc nel pains are taking awayyyyyyyyyyy.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
if you are planning to purchase, you are at the right place.
: can travel close by but will pay extra if you can deliver.
i really like this table but it is too big for my apartment.
once i get your message i'll respond as quick as lightening!
once i get your message i'll respond as quick as lightening!
once i get your message i'll respond as quick as lightening!
fed up of hard crappy nuggets with no smell and a crap high?
joneswills show contact info make the weekend free and real.
no messing around just straight to the point quick and easy.
granddaddy purple, gsc, sour d, white widow, blue dream etc.
one of the best expressions of this popular strain good for.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
we grow them at our farm and sell to our customers directly.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
brown suede couch l 7' 4 by 3 in w height 36 good condition.
one of the best expressions of this popular strain good for.
selling my preloved underwear since i need some extra money.
these genetics have been flowered out by myself and friends.
wickr username: number4' which is only number interested in.
18k solid yellow gold and stainless steel case and bracelet.
some general wear and tear but otherwise in great condition.
granddaddy purple, gsc, sour d, white widow, blue dream etc.
on real time progress updated straight into yout smart phone.
on real time progress updated straight into yout smart phone.
on real time progress updated straight into yout smart phone.
juzt need a chilled awesome dude to sort me out n chill with.
wickr id is tripthis pickup in brunswick, delivery available.
burns clean and no sticky oils like some of the dirt on here.
or you need some good stuff to high and to be active in club.
msg wickr seen in main image above for near instant response.
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
the cold is here 1 50 2 100 5 200 10 400 wikr me, coopes0271.
we promise youll be 110 happy and not regret a single moment.
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
got good quality gear, near calder park will deliver locally.
must be legally able to own a firearm and be willing to sale.
or you need some good stuff to high and to be active in club.
or you need some good stuff to high and to be active in club.
i sell wholesale prices to dispensaries and unique resellers.
if i'm in your area local deliveries and pickups are welcome.
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
cold now cbd only 150 hg 300g 450 hb 750 b wickr drfrostbite.
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
or you need some good stuff to high and to be active in club.
only serous dude to contact me top grade a strains available.
fridays around the corner and its a full work week next week.
we promise youll be 110 happy and not regret a single moment.
world deliveries all state in au kush contact me on wickr id.
available 24 7 looking for genuine buyers who will come back!
just generally want decent customers that need looking after!
or you need some good stuff to high and to be active in club.
kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
looking for good quality 420, hit me up on wickr kosherkush1.
ordering contact us to order now.thank you for your interest.
please do not contact us with unsolicited services or offers.
ordering contact us to order now.thank you for your interest.
please do not contact us with unsolicited services or offers.
hey all, chasin sum modafinil aswell as vals xannies and dex.
or you need some good stuff to high and to be active in club.
the team is local and do both delivery and mail box drop off.
the team is local and do both delivery and mail box drop off.
the team is local and do both delivery and mail box drop off.
the team is local and do both delivery and mail box drop off.
larger quantities message me for prices at wikr: dummydust101.
speedy service and i will respond quick as lightning on wickr.
420 available up north, send a message on wickr: billyboy2121.
nice biccies, pick up or delivery contact via wickr: tripthis.
for more information visit here: https: www.madebyfressko.com.
try and stooge people and see who controls your business then.
download wickr from you appstore and contact me wickr account.
download wickr from you appstore and contact me wickr account.
$5each if single sheets of 10: $25 happy to negotiate on more.
come on to my store lets make our deal favorable on both side.
this is all for you and at your disposal at anytime i'm ready.
looking for a grade 420 in the south east pick up or delivery!
this is all for you and at your disposal at anytime i'm ready.
this is all for you and at your disposal at anytime i'm ready.
local and inter cities supplier of medical marijuana wickr id.
come on to my store lets make our deal favorable on both side.
this is all for you and at your disposal at anytime i'm ready.
largest importer of promotional canvas tote bags in australia.
new customers will then get reduced normal rate 5 for $200.00.
new cold moving in and its just in time for the weekend party!
quality cream chargers for sale, $1 each, in quantities of 10.
if interested send me a text or an email and we can negotiate.
any late night early morning drop offs will cost slightly more.
any late night early morning drop offs will cost slightly more.
any late night early morning drop offs will cost slightly more.
starting at 60, sweet puffs available as is delivery for a fee.
any late night early morning drop offs will cost slightly more.
10p 1g sweet puff pipe $450 cold get it now all day, every day.
any late night early morning drop offs will cost slightly more.
anyone has cannabis e liquid or can make some please hit me up.
wickr kareyokeyo quality gearm goodnprices and never a rip off.
nice clean high text if you like 0431 228 768 wickr plumesmelb.
no money gram transfer craps hit me up in wickr: vicretardcola.
top quality 420 strains available se suburbs bubblegum is back!
top quality 420 strains available se suburbs bubblegum is back!
60p 170 3p's minimum for delivery 250 half 400 g wikr dynamelb.
regardless of this id bullshit, fake id's is also big business.
you will be a looser in any business you touch even legitimate.
this to me is fairly easy not hard to look after them properly.
are you looking for medical weed to treat your health problems?
no worries again, dr mc nel got what you have been looking for.
q is 80 4 is 50 1 is 20 pick ups yarraville wickr bensfotwenty.
looking for some kiff in the northern suburbs, looking to bake.
are you looking for medical weed to treat your health problems?
needing in richmond hit up if can helpwith both not just point.
as new condition navy blue 2 seater and 3 seater leather sofas.
are you looking for medical weed to treat your health problems?
no worries again, dr mc nel got what you have been looking for.
nothing dodgy, just norm oxy for those experienced in using it.
did you know austrian weed thc tests for as high as 58 percent?
nickdam we do have buds420 marijuana and pain meds on delivery.
all day breakfast served with a sprinkle of wonk limited 250 g.
are you looking for medical weed to treat your health problems?
no worries again, dr mc nel got what you have been looking for.
the most honest in the biz small client base room for few more.
we also offer special next day delivery depending on the buyer.
blue dream here 350 an o 180 half 100 qs 20 g's wickr archieek.
are you looking for medical weed to treat your health problems?
no worries again, dr mc nel got what you have been looking for.
then home appliances india is the perfect online store for you.
verrry nice old school crystals that pop 1 50 5 230 0498731153.
it is great for off road with the benefit of active suspension.
are you looking for medical weed to treat your health problems?
no worries again, dr mc nel got what you have been looking for.
nickdam we do have buds420 marijuana and pain meds on delivery.
10 for $110 20 for $200 cash and face to face transactions only.
quality dope hot horse smacker serving the west melbourne areas!
icecream available also 1 for $60 message us on wikr: hummersby!
step 3: straight up your arm to have the best position of spray.
420, fake id xanni dogfood buns skywalker special k w e e d bud.
3g 50 7g 90 wickr id: pocketfly420 cash only face to face meets.
we can deliver pips and stuff to you directly so enquire within.
i have name brand zanny football shirts size 5 for $6 per shirt.
if they have set hours to contact them, there's a reason for it.
cold rox 1 $60 2 $ 110 3 $ 160 min delivery 5 $ 230 fr33znpo1nt.
expedition brand hard covered eggshell foam rifle case in black.
expedition brand hard covered eggshell foam rifle case in black.
our menu includes marijuana buds, hashish, extracts and edibles.
females looking to chill out relax and pnp with this cold night.
masterpills247 with masterpills pains are taking awayyyyyyyyyyy.
if you don't have one don't waste my time, serious sellers only.
got some great stuff in, indica sativa blend, really good smoke.
our product is one of the purest of 99.9 contact us on wickr id.
allows access to either 68 la trobe st or 61 mackenzie st exits.
50$ each wickr nicerice69 no craigsrip getting what you pay for!
do not be fooled by cheap imitations there is only one octobomb!
do not be fooled by cheap imitations there is only one octobomb!
cold n puff in ferntree gully pick up only $60 wickr: billysjaw.
do not be fooled by cheap imitations there is only one octobomb!
wickr pure543 test before you buy quality guraunteed every time.
thus, with us whatever be your kitchen's demand we cater it all!
as the title suggests in need of a half pound green bay packers.
high quality medical marijuana good for your health strain name.
the estelon xb is much awaited addition to the estelon x series.
wanted asap benzos val's,rivies,xannies ect will meet with cash.
send me a wickr with your interest and ill get back to you asap.
high quality medical marijuana good for your health strain name.
hunting special k in oak park delivery preferred wickr: sparks10.
please don't msg for vials as i will not sell my precious things.
it gives off quite solid fluid containing mucus protein and iron.
100 cotton for 100 comfort, marle colour is cotton viscose blend.
quality four twenty pick up yarravile q for 80 4 for 50 1 for 20.
with over a billion of our products circulating around the world.
with over a billion of our products circulating around the world.
samsung galaxy s4 unlocked comes with free case price negotiable.
been decades into this industry since we established our venture.
more and more people are waking up to this and seeing whats real.
hit me up by text on 0405934519 or wickr jackofharts let me know.
weedsdoctor g mail com and he will immediately provide your need.
hey i have 5 or so pounds of northern lights buds to get rid off.
to buy online click here https: www.mbtshop.com.au running shoes.
i've used it for about a day, but decided to go to another phone.
also have two early screw on corbin tacos both in good condition.
no worries again, masterpills got what you have been looking for.
weedsdoctor g mail com and he will immediately provide your need.
weedsdoctor g mail com and he will immediately provide your need.
weedsdoctor g mail com and he will immediately provide your need.
you can use this brand new arrow to make your outdoor impressive.
below is a list of currently available products we have in stock.
got white skull pills, purest of mdma, high mgs and high quality.
one couch with two throw pillows, 2 chairs and 1 glass top table.
snapchat me on pikobb, or message me here have a great afternoon.
fast sale that's like half what was only just paid for last week.
think of us is one of the best online mobile stores in australia.
got some jumpers as it's quite cold atm, quality top of the line.
weedsdoctor g mail com and he will immediately provide your need.
usually double bags his stuff so you don't have time to check it.
msg via wickr provided in image above for a near instant response.
q for 80 4 for 50 1 for 20 pick ups yarraville wickr bensfotwenty.
q for 70 4 for 50 1 for 20 pick ups yarraville wickr bensfotwenty.
delivering $50 cpoints cold tonight dont need to describe wuality.
i respect their privacy and good attitude i'm just paying homeage.
these dealers are not here for you but here for their pocket only.
these people consider a good customer a buyer of large quantities.
the product,doesn't need talking up and for them to patronize you.
because for every one of you, there are 300 more looking for weed.
about 280 of those other people are better customers than you are.
good for restoration project motor not going mandy 0421002889 a h.
marijuana buds top grade these are well grown, higher end strains.
here are the prices: 50p 250half g 450 delivery 10 16 hours a day.
499 hours stop in and look at during business hours 7 days a week.
looking to buy a 1 4 ounce in the cbd or surrounding suburbs, $80.
has a nice quick attach bucket includes bradco backhoe attachment.
looking to buy a used volcano vaporiser that is in good condition.
shipping is within 48hours and packaging is 100 discreet shipping.
looking to help anyone with there delivery tasks using motorcycle.
respect i will give to you and time to deliver i will always keep.
la marzocco fb 80 3 group automatic espresso machine model number.
1p $50 5p $250 can meet around south east suburbs wickr: hamillus.
a a a a high quality and beauty medical marijuana and 420 contact.
will be around cbd area, can travel if not too far and can pickup.
need 5 tyres at 10 king st, melbourne at 5pm wickr noworriesxxmate.
need 5 tyres at 10 king st, melbourne at 5pm wickr noworriesxxmate.
we provide marvellous folding or pop up marquees for your business.
usually only one or two types of mid grade are available at a time.
buds have a distinct but pleasant nose with a sour onion fragrance.
if you need just send me a email and we can work it out from there.
contact me via the wickr seen in image above near instant response.
the strain is a cross between skunk 1, haze, and northern lights 5.
hey what doing i got sone pretty nice buds at pretty decent prices.
i'm always on time, reliable, won't ask for tick and not a fuckwit.
buddeal this is all for you and at your disposal anytime i'm ready.
i would prefer a smaller more petite type one bc its more ladylike!
it is double the normal donga that u buy at the pub so great value.
best drinks in town can deliver across melbourne based in the west.
this unit fires up, roasts efficiently and operates like it should!
fantastic location in historic beautiful fairfield in victoria b.c.
it has long range fuel tank, usb audio input and map reading lamps.
perfect for store owners or people who want to resell for a profit.
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
se suburbs delivery today only i can deliver to south yarra sooooon!
no fake ak 47 or other strains that look like asian compressed buds.
1p 60 2p 100 3p 150 5p 230 medi420 on sale 1 20 3,5 50 7 80 q at 80.
we carry drug test solutions for any type of administered drug test.
guaranteed to have u coming back wickr plumesmelb text 0431 228 768.
after some lucy free to meet up either tomorrow or friday afternoon.
it is solid and heavy due to the crank generator and magnets inside.
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
q for 80 4 for 50: 1 for 20: pick ups yarraville wickr bensfotwenty.
please make your choices from the items below.thensend us a text to.
located 2 min from westfield airport west, can drive if near by tho.
you can download briggs stratton and tecumseh repair manuals for $7.
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
.2 $110 3 $160 5 $250 24 7 pickup delivery 3p min wickr fr33znpo1nt.
i work with many growers in southern oregon and northern california.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
cullen78 this is all for you and at your disposal anytime i'm ready.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
cullen78 this is all for you and at your disposal anytime i'm ready.
impotency is where person fails to achieve hard and strong erection.
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
here are my top ten strains: grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies.
got goooood quality cold, dont miss out, send me a message on wickr!
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more.
commitment to a successful treatment when you follow our instruction!
don't let the low price fool you this is the best stuff going around.
will be on the road most of the day so msg me here or wickr gtaguy79.
don't let the low price fool you this is the best stuff going around.
hi yall im looking for some mushrooms peyote heroin with good prices.
the people will dictate how much they want to pay and not the dealer.
so just respect it, and stop making things harder for the rest of us.
please have exact money ready for me, don't do change, keep it quick.
super active, get stuff done, kinda stone amazing nose amazing smoke.
localconnect1 download wickr from app store and text me via wickr id.
for now i work with a friend helping me to deliver customers package.
book for a delivery now text only then we will call you if necessary!
for more info on products or prices msg me on the wikr app movementt.
book for a delivery now text only then we will call you if necessary!
book for a delivery now text only then we will call you if necessary!
cold melbourne inner subs hi there i have nice quality, clear shards.
book for a delivery now text only then we will call you if necessary!
book for a delivery now text only then we will call you if necessary!
we do sell medical marijuana,cannabis,heroin and other drugs as well.
i got the best cold going around i guarantee it try before you buy w.
whitewiddowz hit me up for nugs 420 available for city meet n greets.
think u need cold start, 1 60 2 100 5 200 10 400 wickr id coopes0271.
for now i work with a friend helping me to deliver customers package.
call 9510 4990 and visit us today http: home concepts.com.au lounges.
available medical marijuana sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
samsung 22 set top box and remote swap for cold wickr googleyahoo444.
delivery is available but will cost a small fee dependent on location.
delivery is available but will cost a small fee dependent on location.
delivery is available but will cost a small fee dependent on location.
delivery is available but will cost a small fee dependent on location.
delivery is available but will cost a small fee dependent on location.
try and you'll be back for repeats wickr plumesmelb text 0431 228 768.
pickup in west melb or delivery near suburbs for an additional charge.
visit: http: www.antiquebedspecialists.com.au antique bed restoration.
don't buy from this guy with wickr id: sirdonald08 he rips people off.
this is a fact, users are not your every day scatter brain juice head.
can provide proof of purchase if required from vodafone under my name.
did know you can actually quit virtually over night with hypnotherapy?
download wickr app and contact me wickr id shmokeyshmokey 3.5 for $50.
0477023351 or wiickr; octobomb17 its that simple same a grade service.
squirrel monkeys have a slender build with a short greyish dense coat.
the price is reflected by this and they cost over $1200 each to build.
100 quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke wickr.
carbon arrow shaft is made for maximum strength with aluminum inserts.
banger shards $50 1p $120 3p text me for quick response pick up upwey.
0477023351 or wiickr; octobomb17 its that simple same a grade service.
no mess around trusted by customers and not dealing with time wasters.
descriptions d dope jon to me mar 4details topshelf medical marijuana.
multiple strains available with very loud dense frosty top shelf nugs.
this kit is a bolt on kit that includes everything you need to go big.
multiple strains available with very loud dense frosty top shelf nugs.
we have them in stock now at the store willing to travel for delivery.
the stuff smells just like bubblegum and has a nice sweet taste to it.
they provide a very clean trip, not too much body high, mostly visual.
pickup or delivery 10$ staying in cbd port melbourne and williamstown.
they provide a very clean trip, not too much body high, mostly visual.
any questions at show contact info excellent condition inside and out.
$20 each and can easily resell for $35 like seen above in the picture.
happy sunday morning cooked kids after a quality puff wickr kareyokeyo.
struggling to find the perfest fruit infuser water bottle in australia?
they pass both the iodine pen test uv light test, and the marker check.
hey there getting rid of some pretty nice puff to get ya weekend going!
prices: depends on quantity, where about what time of the day or night!
hey, sorry for the deception there, but this needs to be said publicly.
rock river arms lar 15 multi lower rock river arms lar 15, multi lower.
shards of glass are $50 1 p, $90 2 p, $140 3 p, $200 5 p and $340 10 p.
cbd oil syringeevery 1ml contains 300mg decarboxylated cbd in oil base.
email money transferis faster and cheaper than sending payment by mail.
kushsupplier11 in growing and caregivers.legalise marijuana world wide.
q 80 4 50 1 20 wickr me on bensfotwenty pick up yarraville can deliver.
this is a postage service only, absolutely no face to face or meetings.
paying $50 for 2 sticks delivered to greenvale tullamarine 0427 253092.
email money transferis faster and cheaper than sending payment by mail.
payments made through paypal or cash on pick up in northern burbs melb.
kushsupplier705 we do have buds420 marijuana and pain meds on delivery.
we supply in packs and each pack carries 3 grams for all of the blends.
there's a reason they call it good friday by the people for the people.
doctorkush1 this is all for you and at your disposal anytime i'm ready.
message me with your wikr username and i'll get back to you from there.
it has been serviced by our technicians and is very good working order.
doctorkush1 this is all for you and at your disposal anytime i'm ready.
budhouse promotional weed kush green cannabis marijuana quarter pounds.
cash and no dramas, no names or questions asked just after an easy buy.
hi guys, looking for good quality items, quick delivery south east area.
hit me up on wickr antiks for quality long lasting gear got the legs 11.
you can pick it up or it can be delivered depending on where when etc 3.
the dirty dog packages the goods so u cant open at the time of handover.
.1 drops $60 2 drops $ 110 3 drops $ 160 5 cube $ 230 wickr fr33znpo1nt.
lordmike2 hey there looking for the goods you must be willing to travel!
100 quality kush supplier local delivery marijuana weed kush coke wickr.
100 quality kush supplier local delivery marijuana weed kush coke wickr.
cbd april 6th only no mucking around, time wasters or rip off merchants.
i guarantee u its decent and u wnt b disappointed it will come as nuggs.
for self pick up clients minimum order 10 units, maximum order no limit.
7 80 3.5 50 1 20 yarraville or can deliver for a fee wickr bensfotwenty.
the reediimer is back on track,sorry for my delay at the gadern of weed.
the reediimer is back on track,sorry for my delay at the gadern of weed.
the reediimer is back on track,sorry for my delay at the gadern of weed.
the reediimer is back on track,sorry for my delay at the gadern of weed.
the reediimer is back on track,sorry for my delay at the gadern of weed.
the reediimer is back on track,sorry for my delay at the gadern of weed.
email the agent as soon as possible for a business information document.
free shipping to whole australia payment direct deposit in bank account.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an get some!
the prestige is the top of the besson range and has a very strong sound.
leave your name and contact for quick response, contact wickr: wizzy420.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an get some!
order now to become a crackhead each sold separately, pipe not i closed.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an get some!
after some green, and have dexies adhd med also if interested in a trade.
i'm in glen waverley, so preferably suburbs around here, but i can drive.
long weekend boyd and girls which means more the reason to get fucked up.
delivery available for extra $ location reply to email to get in contact.
hi we have quality cold and gina available for your pleasure message via.
it could probably be re wired for modern use or just hang it up as it is.
the dope scene in other countries where its considered soft or tolerated.
eotech model 552 holoraphic weapons site retails for $550.00 on it's own.
eotech model 552 holoraphic weapons site retails for $550.00 on it's own.
low grade these buds will be outdoor grown, or lower quality indoor buds.
if your looking for sone good qualitly give me a holla for prices and so.
do not bother me if you're from cameroon and you ask me to pay at a 7 11.
they must go asap; $110ea or making a dirt cheap offer of $450 for all 6.
hey i've got some descent buds for sale it smokes up good chops out nice.
100 quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke wickr id.
we are selling our products at very reasonable prices as specified below.
gifts special half zip top shelf greenhouse organic purest mix and match!
top quality stuffs this season wickr id kushsupplier11 for delivery asap.
looking for wickr user onlygoodgoogs contact me again when you read this.
home based usa don't miss this opportunity thanks contact us on wickr id.
gifts special half zip top shelf greenhouse organic purest mix and match!
pain relief, light physical activity, great for daydreaming and creating.
good quality dank for sale cash only, delivery fee 20 wickr me jesse2020.
master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani.
legitstore promotional weed kush green cannabis marijuana quarter pounds.
looking for quality 420 around the hoppers crossing area prefer drop off.
pain relief, light physical activity, great for daydreaming and creating.
discreet, reliable service 9am late wickr only smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
pickup of the horse smack er preferred but we are capable of dropping off.
your magic and if you still dont know who it is, the moon is full tonight.
going rates are $50 a point $200 half g $350 g $500 hb wickr mightymouse3.
from high quality it techinicians from us,russia,korea and china wickr id.
check it here now: http: aussieclo.com product sale up to 50 all products.
will consider other from same family at reasonable prices wickr rewards62.
in australia i have tried all the so called, juicy fruit, gorilla, cheese.
xannex bricks 2.5mg stronger than average $250 bottle only 50 in a bottle!
hey there looking for the goods elchapo2010 you must be willing to travel!
we have an excellent selection of top notch pot products for you to enjoy.
this is a professional kit which includes all mac products, in all shades.
$189 melbourne image 1 more ads by this user hello lovers of quality weed.
i was taking 40mg of duromine but decided i don't want to take it anymore.
download wickr app and contact via wickr get best deals when getting more.
medical marijuana available so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
this molecule is highly active and makes person functioning till 36 hours.
all varieties top brands appliances are available, we ship australia wide.
realweedfamily download wickr from app store on your mobile device thanks.
selling without personalised plates new plates will be fitted before sale.
i just harvest some nice sfv og kush and passion og for prop 215 patients.
hello, we are offering delivery of sweet puff anywhere in the cbd anytime.
kickstart your day try first for sure help me with it all wicker kareokeyo.
northern suburbs pickup delivery top quality ice cold shards rock supplies.
purchased for $550 a few years ago, still in immaculate condition, inc bag.
this bills are not home made bur industrial and professional manufacturing.
this bills are not home made bur industrial and professional manufacturing.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
white apple macs need gone wickr for price cold xtc vals wickr drfrostbite.
for those that haven't well i can tell you, the stuff here doesn't compete.
it's a business like all others legal or illegal the mechanics is the same.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
other party supplies avaliable i can deliver and you can come closer to me.
beautiful medium to large sized sticky buds with lots of resin, great cure.
walk your way to fitness with mbt speed 16 slip on running shoe collection.
i don't work for a boss anymore, days have gone by working for fake bosses.
quality puff delivered minimum 2 dots half 200 whole 300 1.7 450 hit it up!
80q 4 for 50 pick ups yarraville can deliver for a fee wickr: bensfotwenty.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
rocking it all day everyday 2p $110 3p minimum delivery wicker fr33znpo1nt.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
hash oil shatter and wax available below are some of our strains: wickr id.
anything eastern suburbs reliable face to face no salt good deals call now.
its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
even as large order s as 1000 pills $750 2000 pills $1350 3000 pills $1950.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
even as large order s as 1000 pills $750 2000 pills $1350 3000 pills $1950.
its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
nembutal, roxy, oxy, adderal, valuim, percocet, hydros, xanax, norcs, vals.
even as large order s as 1000 pills $750 2000 pills $1350 3000 pills $1950.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
hit me up at wickr kushdude420 or email hermanpug007 at g mail for a quote.
hey guys im at the city today got some q's left for grabs wickr: jesse2020.
its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
i don't work for a boss anymore, days have gone by working for fake bosses.
return applicable within 14 days after receiving, tags must not be removed.
molly caps 5 caps 150$ 10caps 260$ delivery fee applies $15 wikr me mocdoc.
this range of lounge furniture is truly an epitome of expert craftsmanship.
purple paralysis absolute dankness.se burbs pick up only q 90 h 170 oz 320.
ketamine morphine coke heroine 3.5 $50 and 7 $90 14 $170 got plenty plenty.
its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
all my guns are new and come with complete sets as you can see in the pics.
just got a fresh batch 20 minutes ago always consistent wickr whitewiddows.
its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
we can arrange delivery for at an added cost dependent on location and time.
wickr noworriesxxmate well the wait is over after u go through the hq stuff!
atm my wickr isn't working msg on 0477493183 to get into contact with owner.
someone decide to get surgery on sweat gland surgery, which is very expense.
need $50 worth of buds, delivered or short travel msg on wickr at wickedaus.
oz air and electrical offers the best selection of modern 6 star fireplaces.
super nice q for 80 4 for 50 1 for 20 pick ups yaraville wickr bensfotwenty.
more than welcome to have a look 3.5 50 q 90 h 160 oz 290 wickr: greenbaron.
windycityart4u.com offering fine artwork, antiques, judaica pieces for sale.
i have fired less that 150 rounds through this rifle it's in excelent shape.
i have fired less that 150 rounds through this rifle it's in excelent shape.
very, very good gina, she can freeze and get you feeling unbelievably great.
money orderscan be sent by regular mail they are safe and totally anonymous.
hey guys message me for 420 melbourne local connect stoner stuffs available.
02 they will have you pinging for a while wikr me mocdoc delivery avalibile.
squirrel monkeys have thirty six teeth; males have large upper canine teeth.
there are squirrel monkeys also in costa rica and panama in central america.
money orderscan be sent by regular mail they are safe and totally anonymous.
for shipping clients, minimum order 1 unit, maximum order 10 units per week.
seed and oil is also available, medical marijuana license card is available.
i need gena in city lol gbh i think i am saying the right thing feels weird.
internal nocks are built with 100 pure carbon for most archery compound bow.
don't waste my time if u have junk only want quality strains wikr: whosonme.
cold superbics drinks cola wickr tangie71 i can drop off or you can pick up.
picked up some some tasty nugs hit me up on wickr whitewiddow3 whitewiddow3.
local pickup by prior arrangement from st kilda 3182 with cash payment only.
top legit suppliers all over the world and australia contact us on wickr id.
finally, drivers are fitted into the finished cabinet for individual tuning.
this is a one off thing, once they are sold out there will be no restocking.
comes with two wooden shelves and two glass shelves with adjustable heights.
this is a one off thing, once they are sold out there will be no restocking.
hey guys, selling northern lights in the bundoora area and surrounding areas.
step 1: clean the infected area armpits or legs then clean with a soft cloth.
remember them days when ya get so cold you could feel each hair on your head.
hey everyone i'm looking for a reliable supply of 420 in the east gippy area.
3.5 60 q 90 h 160 oz 300 wickr: greenbaron leave a mobile for faster service.
we specialize in restoring antique brass beds including a few more materials.
03 nissan patrol 7 seat wagon just serviced had clutch replaced 6 months ago.
even $100, still too high for a descent smoke be it indica, sativa or hybrid.
highway 7 recreational marijuana store for your various median medical needs.
high quality cold, feel the rush and stay up for days if you get what i mean.
has a few stains such as red wine and tea pick up from southbank this sunday!
more ads by this we grow them at our farm and sell to our customers directly.
pictures available through wickr wickr id davidicke no msgs after 9pm please.
also look at other fixtures and equipment we are selling as the store closes.
the rear sound bulkhead will not interfere with the t top or luggage storage.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief.
looking for norm or op s any size no wu or similar transfers email for wickr.
thats my wickr nogames0 i stand by that.either i can or i can not get to you.
good as new with full service history reg rwc won't disappoint excellent car.
need units of top shelf a material, we offer fast, reliable, curious service.
darenwestley420 the team is local and do both delivery and mail box drop off.
darenwestley420 the team is local and do both delivery and mail box drop off.
all moving elements of the driver are ventilated for resonance free response.
the valves are perfect and are guaranteed as part of our mechanical warranty.
new script just came in so i have a bottle of 100xdexi's need them gone asap.
doesn't leave filth in ya pip and gives you the kick you know we all look for.
looking for a regular supply of 420 for me and a few friends around the hills.
great product easy deal happy customers and a happy dealer wickr zeppelin2014.
come down and take a look at over 70 chandeliers all styles, sizes and prices.
top quality shit standard prices 1 $50 2 $100 3 $150 5 $200 1.7 $400 35 $ 700.
as long nothing is broken and has all it's parts, happy to pay $10 40 for one.
waiting and time waster you might be a professional give us a message jbuddy1.
low round count, just looking to get away from 40 s w; and this is my last 40.
melbourne legit medical service delivery of marijuana cokekushpain reliefweed.
ready to supply all strains desired by my humble clients.contact wickr kushdr.
a scamming new kid on the block has emerged with the usual one stop drug shop.
kush candy kush express fast version bubble kush pineapple kush critical kush.
ea ford falcon auto dual fuel 200xxxks been out of rego for 3 weeks $200 firm.
we offer prompt overnight delivery and discreet packaging for your own safety.
looking for 420 gisborne melton area no bullshit western union, meet and swap.
available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
superatv's 6 lift is ready for you to put it through whatever you can imagine.
$50 3.5 $80 q $140 half $250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
ready to supply all strains desired by my humble clients.contact wickr kushdr.
it is valued for its midrange neutrality, mated to its own acoustic enclosure.
got some great 420 for pick up preston 1 $15 3.5 $50 wickr us at cloverbros13.
cocaine,shards,herione,weed and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
our marquees don't have any loose parts or ropes and are easy to use and erect.
wickr id tripthis pickup and delivery available, inquire today, limited supply.
i am offering to anyone,c lis twenty mg to anyone who has erectile dysfunction.
don't get fooled by a strong smell or led to believe strong smell strong smoke.
but i hear the stories, i get the updates, i see the stress they get put under.
super skunk 100 satisfaction guaranteed your welcome to inspect before you buy.
we provide a wide variety of high quality cannabis products for your enjoyment.
cbd strains and syringes these strains have been bred have a high level of cbd.
tabs are 150ug each, genuine acid 5 for $80 10 for $140 20 for $250 pure m.d.m.
go to: ironman88 dot tradebit dot com get them from the tradebit website today!
face to face only, its not the fkn hard lol fkn western union moneygram losers!
ideally looking for a half oz but will take what ever as i'm out at the moment!
100 pills $210 150 pills $250 200 pills $320, with shipping packaging discreet.
wikr k1llallc0ps i am very reliable and discreet, offer 1's 65 up to 4 5's 230.
100 pills $210 150 pills $250 200 pills $320, with shipping packaging discreet.
100 pills $210 150 pills $250 200 pills $320, with shipping packaging discreet.
looking for high quality strains, after ounces quarter pound wickr kosherkush1.
hey, quality 420 available pickup from ivanhoe cash limited delivery avaliable.
i have a very old wagon wheel hub with oak pieces intact and all of the spokes.
i am employed and have enough disposable cash to repay the loan in instalments.
the legit solution g is back in the city to solve the health problems of mates.
cheers i hope someone can help out, i really would like more time in hyperspace.
budz chop up nice n smoke nice so if any needs hit me up on wickr only gentz112.
last of this batch available very good quality with highly recommended feedback.
hi ya, keen to have a smoke this afternoon but i'm dry and my normal guy is out.
got cold iced gear west subs n city its direct from the chef my wickr is antiks.
hash oil shatter and wax available below are some few of our strainss: wickr id.
waiting and time waster you might be a professional give us a message jbuddy120.
qs, halfbags, bags pickup only beautiful smoke, a grade choof wickr jim420blaze.
if you want to party like a rockstar just hit me up i got the right rox for you.
i am looking for new clients to establish a long term working relationship with.
if its a high ur chasing youve come to the right place 1 cos we've got u sorted.
45 different miniature bottles some old an hard to get good start for collector.
face to face, cash on meetup q80 h140 o220 qp750 contact me on wickr: jesse2020.
buyers are free to xxxx request for sample to test quality before placing order.
got 1 x bottle of dexi's that need to go asap $400 negotiable wickr: reggie3136.
looking for any ladys that wud be keen on earning them selfs some nice cold rock.
need gone asap $45 each or all 3 for 120 pick up near thornbury wickr eastsyde88.
for the ultimate tea bottle infuser you need to take a look at our product range!
couch, love seat, 2 lazy boy chairs, recliner and straight chair with foot stool.
i'm honest and trustworthy just need someone to help me get things rolling again.
clean md based biscuits up for grabs, contact via wickr on the username tripthis.
only bud no shit call 0457355370 cbd se suburbs cash only cheese northern lights.
frosty light green buds, a heavier indica stone but without the couchlock effect.
qs, halfbags, bags pickup only great smoke, very dry and looked afterd very well.
new designer women tops online available at roopapemmaraju with a great discount.
wickr me now on my i'd, legitogsuplier $ those green plants we grew is ready now.
.1 $60 p u only 2 $110 p u only 3 $160 minimum delivery 5 $230 wickr fr33znpo1nt.
truly get amongst the melbourne atmosphere, the city that literally never sleeps.
quality 420 available south east suburbs wickr: greenbaron best prices cash only.
as the ad says have some reall nice premo in 4.0 50 7.0 80 can deliver for a fee.
looking for a small sample today then if decent will be looking for a q per week.
going to be at cbd till 5pm today wickr: jesse2020 message to meet up, cash only.
waiting and time waster you might be a professional give us a message jbuddy1209.
waiting and time waster you might be a professional give us a message jbuddy1209.
350 corvette stingray t top was recently restored to it's 1977 original specs by.
cold rocks green budds cheap affordable reliable source of vic wikr me movementt.
truly get amongst the melbourne atmosphere, the city that literally never sleeps.
and many more available get back to us with your quantity and full shipping info.
cash on pickup or delivery q80 h140 o220 qp750 hp1400 add me on wickr: jesse2020.
hey i have some great stuff only a few bags message me quick wicker is buimellow.
the white viet gear that dissolves immediately, is pungent and works immediately.
sour diesel, purple haze, green crack, jack herer, super silver haze, lemon haze.
hey guys got some great weed up for grabs 1 $20 3.5 $50 wickr us at cloverbros13.
i've recently moved over here to melbourne so i don't know anyone that can supply.
got some mad puff anywhere from the goulburn valley to nth subs melb get in quick.
the sweat gland is under the skin in the areas of armpit, genital or the eyebrows.
the majority of their business will come from the smaller buyers that's the trend.
master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani wickr id.
got that beautiful old age cold chardonnay 50p 200hg 350g 450hb wickr drfrostbite.
we gonna have fun and we get well with best quality tablets and medical marijuana.
squirrel monkeys live in trees; they have great skill in moving through the trees.
they vary in condition from immaculate to averidge with some having cracked glass.
we will send you a confirmation number for tracking of the package via dhl or ems.
we got highly potent strains on menu.our trees come from the hydro pontic gardens.
qs, halfbags, bags top quality smoke, always looking after it and cured very well.
medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
well processed top 10 strains medical marijuana for your health,anxiety,and pains.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an hour maxi get some!
we gonna have fun and we get well with best quality tablets and medical marijuana.
2008 honda accord with clean title the interior looks great and the mileage 99403.
buddeal 420 marijuana kush and pain relief free delvery top shelf organic strains!
or can contact thru text viber whats app on 0429 222 863 my skype id timmason2010.
1 $60 2 $100 3 $140 5 $220 pick up in cbd will deliver for a small fee if possible.
please text or call me, either at 0431 480 223 or 0476 824 994 to reach my husband.
hey guys got some really nice dank buds here pick up preston 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160.
hi im selling marijuana seeds and grass kush contact me if youd like to order some.
msg for an instant quote reliable and speedy service no methin about pick ups only!
hey people got some nice blue dream quality agrade going around, no asian shit bud.
sativa, hybrid, indica flowers wax, shatter, hash concentrates available open 24 7!
nice rice wrong price in preston pick up only quick easy no mess arounds cash only!
looking for somebody who has the goods and is preferably local to inner se suburbs.
hash oil shatter and wax available below are some of our strains: contact wickr id.
hi im selling marijuana seeds and grass kush contact me if youd like to order some.
hop to it text 0477023351 wiickr octobomb17 sick of shitty services empty promises?
hop to it text 0477023351 wiickr octobomb17 sick of shitty services empty promises?
hop to it text 0477023351 wiickr octobomb17 sick of shitty services empty promises?
cocaine,shards,herione, oxy,weed and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
sativa, hybrid, indica flowers wax, shatter, hash concentrates available open 24 7!
not keen on dicking around with bitcoin, moneygram or any of that amateur bullshit.
pain pills the best quality very effective, strong and long lasting medical impact.
for sale is a like new condition, used for less than 3 months probat brz 2 roaster.
top quality cold goods, bricks for those labourers in need and various other items.
hi im selling marijuana seeds and grass kush contact me if youd like to order some.
hey everyone, do you think your selling the dank nugs that are always strain named?
tell me your location and how much youre after so we can get straight to the point.
need duromine asap willing to pay txt my phone 0422309968 no calls or wickr para15.
$160 4 for $500 generic ox 80's same as the old oc's; crushable, snortable, iv able.
to purchase safely and securely please visit our site at: www.passdrugtestsfast.com.
: i'm only afta a pro dude whoz fully qualified n whoz got da handz of of a surgeon!
its electronic cigarettes are compliant with australian electrical safety standards.
i put it to test and quality is im impressed wickr kareyokeyo delivering to you now.
don't bother asking for prices on large amounts til you have done some smaller buys.
please be responsible as she is intense and stronger than her competition out there.
2 $110 3 $160 min delivery 5 $230 10 400 above prices does not include delivery fee.
i also do take items for weed, looking for phones, ipads, laptops or even ps4 games?
quality cold sth east suburbs can deliver 50 a dot minimum 2 200 half 350 g 450 1.7.
pickup from hawthorn or for big enough orders can negotiate on a price for delivery.
shatter wax sativa indica hybrid open 24 hours we deliver anywhere no extra charges!
this corvette will not last long at this price for viewing or questions please call.
shatter wax sativa indica hybrid open 24 hours we deliver anywhere no extra charges!
shatter wax sativa indica hybrid open 24 hours we deliver anywhere no extra charges!
save on your electricity bill for heating and your hot water supply and for cooking!
got puff for sale im in bendigo right now heading back seymour areaa soon then melb.
we are the largest and most respected medical marijuana evaluation center in alaska.
part of the payment is done then complete payment upon the delivery of your package.
ghost og hybrid green crack sativa hybrid small tight, frosty nugs with a loud nose.
looking for alprazolam any strength reply with strength, price and your area thanks.
all buds have been hung and air dried to ensure that trichomes crystals aren't lost.
all my guns are new and come with original packaging sets as you can see in the pics.
please let me know prices and location whether you deliver when you send me an email.
excellent quality cbd locaton all sizes available wickr plumesmelb text 0431 228 768.
excellent quality nice clean high no time wasters wickr plumesmelb text 0431 228 768.
whether you hoover, smell or even bang anyway you wanna ride this will get you going.
i'm honest and trustworthy and just need someone to help me out and give me a chance!
see women long dresses online for your dearest one and give a biggest suprise to her.
all falling within the 3 categories indica, sativa or hybrid, just to keep it simple.
get lbs, hps, qps an ozs, a 1 2 ozs of medical marijuana directly from a garden wickr
local1 meds for pains, do you need high quality mmj or pain killer pills of all kind?
quitting does not have to be a painful battle of will power a long drawn out process.
the squirrel monkey has a tail that often curls over its shoulder when it is resting.
sour diesel, blueberry, purple kush, og kush, pineapple weed, afghan weed, blue haze.
i've been left with a half doz of these bad boys the most potent of the fent patches.
molly's around, dutch import far higher quality than anything else going around melb.
hook up to legit medical marijuana kush weed coke pain relief aaaa 100 fast delivery.
hook up to legit medical marijuana kush weed coke pain relief aaaa 100 fast delivery.
hook up to legit medical marijuana kush weed coke pain relief aaaa 100 fast delivery.
1p 50 3p 130 half gram 220 gram 400 hb 600 ball 1000 q 1500 half bag 2400 ounce 4400.
im after 50 100mll juice i swap premo top qulity coldies for nice thick qulity juice.
made from high strength material, our a arms and axles are ready for your heavy foot.
hook up to legit medical marijuana kush weed coke pain relief aaaa 100 fast delivery.
hook up to legit medical marijuana kush weed coke pain relief aaaa 100 fast delivery.
when drivers in matching pairs, another break in' with a special signal is conducted.
hook up to legit medical marijuana kush weed coke pain relief aaaa 100 fast delivery.
good quality bud coburg, will deliver locally q 80 hlf 150 o 260 wickr ronaldmcdonal.
the integrated bluetooth system connects your enabled phone through the audio system.
makes phone calls safely and conveniently through the bluetooth enabled audio system.
condition: excellent make manufacturer: cold model name number: cold exceptional cold!
can deliver send number and i will text u details back or wickr me id is latcheylatch.
further out will be extra petty cash same buds as the pic wickr flipadelphia for info.
our shipping rates are very reasonable, especially when purchasing more than one item.
qs 100 halfbags 180 bags 300 top quality smoke, dried out perfectly, nice fluffy buds.
this is your fucken problem not ours the buyers and already you are waving a red flag.
we don't just provide our service to anybody, we very selective on who we provide too.
wake bake oc and la's newest premier marijuana delivery service contact info wickr id.
cbd strains are best for people who want medicinal effects but also want a clear head.
we reserve the right to substitute your cbd order for another cbd strain if necessary.
no minimum on purchase, if you want to try it out before buying more then that's cool.
no minimum on purchase, if you want to try it out before buying more then that's cool.
no minimum on purchase, if you want to try it out before buying more then that's cool.
really nice cold old school like shit that pops 1 50 5 230 0498731153 wickr shardanay.
so have a think about your request, put it to me and we will see what we can work out.
it needs to work obviously, and it needs to be tonight i also need you to drop it off.
qs, halfbags, bags top quality smoke, nice fluffy buds pick up only wickr jim420blaze.
no minimum on purchase, if you want to try it out before buying more then that's cool.
really nice cold old school like shit that pops 1 50 5 230 0498731153 wicks shardanay.
the cold is back got some good stuff 1 $60 5 $250 10 $450 wickr westy01 or txt cheers.
i got good quality dank q's for sale delivery fee is 20 cash only wickr is: jesse2020.
wickr id: zziggyy keyworkds: 420, kush, weed, marijuana, sativa, indica, greens, prop.
please email us any special delivery instructions and preferred delivery times of day.
please email us any special delivery instructions and preferred delivery times of day.
our expert artisans have handcrafted each piece to perfection in melbourne, australia.
top of the line e350 avantgarde with full mercedes benz service history and log books.
they are known for offering best deal on quality products and excellent customer care.
legitsuppliers download wickr from app store on your mobile device thanks happy smoke.
please email us any special delivery instructions and preferred delivery times of day.
1p 50 3p 130 5 220 1g 300 pick up, meet or delivery may incur a fee depending on area.
lookin for lemonades main rival, hint, c k send me an email, happy to talk thru wickr.
lookin for lemonades main rival, hint, c k send me an email, happy to talk thru wickr.
cocaine,shards,heroine,weed,cold,420 and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
i am moving house to an apartment and have 4 australorp chickens i cannot take with me.
just picked up kuta some f unreal gear $60 each quality over quantity wickr kareyokeyo.
10 12 or 15 wanted please q for $80 delivered to northcote today wickr i.d inthemaking.
for any one interested in medical marijuana and cannabis oil just add us on wickr only.
the finest imported cold packs of meat, icy cold meat delivered to a location near you.
wickr gotdagoods quality over quantity' preston northcote great 420, always consistent.
could meet in melbourne cbd or somewhere along the glen waverley train line for pickup.
send your wicker for details no time wasters got some nice quality stuff to get rid of.
i take requests so please let me know what you are after and we can work something out.
wickr southyarra jack herer quality strain 420 south yarra pick only 120 quarters only.
for any one interested in medical marijuana and cannabis oil just add us on wickr only.
for any one interested in medical marijuana and cannabis oil just add us on wickr only.
cocaine,shards,heroine,weed,cold,420 and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
i can't justify leaving them in my closet when i spent $300 retail for them originally.
all pine construction, 30 years old bbokshelf is a separate item measuring 120 19 92cm.
can deliver within reason, small surcharge if further depending on amount and distance.
aside from this, the car ran beautifully and hasn't given a moment's trouble until now.
for any one interested in medical marijuana and cannabis oil just add us on wickr only.
this increase the blood circulation in the body which results strong and hard erection.
cocaine,shards,herione,weed oxy,420s and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
the perfection runs through the entire range and each piece is unique in its own sense.
for any one interested in medical marijuana and cannabis oil just add us on wickr only.
hey everyone, got a big night planned sunday night long weekend and need some supplies.
hey everyone, got a big night planned sunday night long weekend and need some supplies.
1p $60 2p $110 3p $160 4p $210 5p $250 sweet puff pipes are also available for $50 each.
1p $60 2p $110 3p $160 4p $210 5p $250 sweet puff pipes are also available for $50 each.
1p $60 2p $110 3p $160 4p $210 5p $250 sweet puff pipes are also available for $50 each.
kuta cold 50 a p quick and easy delivery available if close enough wickr smashdamage315.
1p $60 2p $110 3p $160 4p $210 5p $250 sweet puff pipes are also available for $50 each.
step 2: open the lid, put your index finger n the top of the spray cap, then shake well.
quality cold goods for sale along with bricks for you labourers in need, 420, much more.
looking for a q of stinky buds coated in crystals in frankston area wickr: familyguy420.
dense nugs with some color loaded with trichomes, loud smell, great taste, super potent!
high quality smoke available in bulk at a fair price without driving out to the country.
dont deal with these flogs, they cant manage their time means everything else is crappy.
why are you demanding they deliver in whoop whoop by 9am when they don't start until 10?
50 pp 220 hg 350 g also md available prices below $300 g $35 per cap text me to arrange.
we on all streets don't say you can't get high mean while am always available all clock.
its uplifting effects may help stave off the symptoms of anxiety, stress and depression.
sweet and sour widow cross the strain, from the bcd crew has a ratio of 1:1 cbd, to thc.
either way, once you have decided what you want to order, please contact us at wickr id.
am on all streets don't say you can't get high mean while am always available all clock.
a few experienced people that have tried it said it's the best they've had in melbourne.
either way, once you have decided what you want to order, please contact us at wickr id.
aaa quality available to one and all qualified with valid paperwork upon making contact.
all prices are negotiable, but no low ballers you're already exotic aaa strains for low.
joneswills we also have the following pills xanax,adderals,roxy30mg,norco,mioll contact.
no tick, no trade, no negotiating i will only meet in the cbd and within 7km of the cbd.
nice buds hydro pickup only foootscray 9am late no bullshit, discreet, honest on weight.
worth $138.95 new as advertised at australian vaporizers with the following accessories.
qp at $800 hp at $1500 pound at $2500 our priority is to satisfy our clients n patients.
many different component's can be placed in this units with built in outlets and lights.
offered tents feature an ergonomic design, and they are easy to install and carry along.
qp at $800 hp at $1500 pound at $2500 our priority is to satisfy our clients n patients.
looking to trade my 8 gb asus protab for some 420 2 grams minimum delivered to doncaster.
this attitude of over charging in our great country has its fangs even in the dope scene.
pick ups yarraville q for 80 4 for 50 1 for 20 wickr: bensfotwenty can deliver for a fee.
q for 80 4 for 50 1 for 20 pick ups yarraville can drop off for a fee wickr bensfotwenty.
q for 80 4.0 for 50 1 for 20 pick up yarraville can deliver for a fee wickr bensfotwenty.
compound bow, leather case, 6 arrows, carrier, trigger release, broad heads, manual, etc.
place your order via wickr: kushsupplier705 prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
got quality rocks for sale and old school charlie can't deliver located on the peninsula.
willing to swap for 420 or cold,going quick so email me and we can work out a deal.peace.
we have cold storage available if anyone is interested, arrange the sizes for your needs!
.1p $60 2p $110 3p $160 5p $250 3p for minimum delivery available 24 7 wickr fr33znpo1nt.
pickup only candy kush, light fluffy buds bubblegum, heavy dense buds qs, halfbags, bags.
from sativa, sour diesel, purple,widow, green,coke, pineapple express, hydrocodine, adis.
joneswills available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
local delivery of topshelf kush strains, lsd, coke, pain relief contact through wickr id.
i come to a location that i believe is suitable i will be responsible respectable you to.
looking for quality strains, after an oz qp wickr kosherkush1 f2f meet up, no money gram.
joneswills available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
local delivery of topshelf kush strains, lsd, coke, pain relief contact through wickr id.
fast and reliable shipment within 24 hours, using courier service,usps, fedex,tnt,dhl,us.
we are ready to sell minimum quantities and large deliveries to the world of our product.
local delivery of topshelf kush strains, lsd, coke, pain relief contact through wickr id.
suboxone 8mgmethadone 40mg actavis promth xanax 1mg and 2mg bar dilaudid 2mg,4mg and 8mg.
offering a delivery service using a motorcycle fast a discreet happy to deliver wat ever.
these tents come with ready to install components that take even less a minute to set up.
however, the datejust was first wrist watch to feature all those four functions combined.
prices may be a tad higher than others on here but you will know why once you've tried it.
.1 for 40 2 for 70 5 for 175 1.0 for 330 1.7 for 500 contact via email or wikr; hothammer.
cold front sweeping in accross south east melburn with a high chance of frost, and clouds.
wickr: dandyblaze q: $100 face to face on the spot, half: $180 pick up south eastern subs.
i have very, very good quality asian cold, gina, benzo, can offer h, weed or smokable dmt.
m powder pills contact wickr id freesample wechat; jbuddy1 if your sick of messing around.
i am a 27 year old australian girl who is selling my used underwear and pushpop lollipops.
mamansger23 available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
mamansger23 available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
greenhouse: critical kush ny47 original blue dream og kush girl scout cookie.no thin mint.
looking for a point of dmtiri, no more, if you have a point message me wickr: highcharity.
i'm selling my 1994 toyota camry csi 2.2l 4 cylinder as a mostly complete wreck for parts.
joneswills just like a messiah am here to safe my mates and maties from low quality stuff.
express drop need units of top shelf a material, we offer fast, reliable, curious service.
rear arms are offset 1.5 giving you a longer wheelbase to help with those big hill climbs.
image 1 well processed top 10 strains medical marijuana for your health,anxiety,and pains.
$50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
the new 25 mm high frequency driver has ultra hard ceramic dome and no ferrofluid filling.
velvet bud, sherazade, power plant, el nino, double double gum, parvati honeymoon, phazer.
malandy outdoor adventure provides an authentic range of oztent rv5 for sale in australia.
for details visit https: www.malandy.com.au index.php tents oztent tents oztent rv 1.html.
9 aquariums, 1 sport sterling with clock, 2 unique sterling with clocks, plus many others.
do not use together with other deodorant or it may result drug resistance, ineffectiveness.
any ome with goldor any thing else worth some thing and want to swap it for cold let me no.
mensa1985 scam wickr budhouse austin moore roksana rose weedprovider harry655 all scammers.
dope is the last bastion in the drug seen where honesty is still its greatest selling tool.
1pebble $60 p u 2pebbles $110 p u 3rox $160 min delivery 5boulders $230 wickr: fr33znpo1nt.
goodcharlie just like a messiah am here to safe my mates and maties from low quality stuff.
goodcharlie just like a messiah am here to safe my mates and maties from low quality stuff.
420 available in yarravile, 75 qs if you pick up delivery charges apply wickr bensfotwenty.
heinsley medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
heinsley medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
my car was keyed shouldnt have disclosed what i was driving but had the tools to fix those.
pickup from blackburn south, i travel sometimes though don't have wheels face to face cash.
chasing some of that hammer, hit me up on wickr if you can help out wickr: shootmethngraff.
from marijuana to pain and anxiety,sleeping pills,coke,ketamine,420,xanax,charlie,adderall.
as with all used instruments we only offer a limited warranty on the silver plating finish.
commercial fitness equipment specialise in wholesale of gym equipment all around australia.
hello everybody, i have acquired some lovely import acid tabs that i wish to pass onto you.
if you are able to help me, feel free to contact me and we can further discuss the details.
medstore go through and place your order and you get your package in an hour maxi get some!
no imitatatiobs or corners cut so take a reality check and call yext or wickr bigtonysworld.
caps $30 each or 10 for $250 import straight from the netherlands, came as one 14 gram rock.
3g 50 7g 90 contact via wickr app only my id is: pocketfly420 cash only pickup in bentleigh.
we offer high quality money for the following currencies; shiiping within the us and canada.
top quality cold for good price pakenham and south east suburbs can drop contact for prices.
it means we can offer them at very good, dutch farm prices and we are sure of their quality.
somehow i got left with two grams of the wickedest cold i want gone $500 and it's all yours.
it means we can offer them at very good, dutch farm prices and we are sure of their quality.
goodfaith1990 available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
marijuanaweed available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
skywalker og, lemon jack, blue midnight, skywalker og, cookie and cream, blue haze and more!
50$ each depending on quantity pick up only wickr nicerice69 real deal get what you pay for!
the engine has also had a good clean, so it should run better than ever once fully restored!
grade aa quality kush buds and oil, pain anxiety,sex sleeping aids available at good prices.
it means we can offer them at very good, dutch farm prices and we are sure of their quality.
bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers and legit delivery!
the 220 mm german made accuton bass driver uses a special ultra stiff ceramic sandwich dome.
bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers and legit delivery!
it was used for a short period when grandbaby was born and came to stay with me for a while.
if you are in need of something cold to cool you down then you have come to the right place.
bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers and legit delivery!
prices are half: $200 gram:$350 ball:$750 quarters:$1300 for anything larger please enquire.
grade aa quality kush buds and oil, pain anxiety,sex sleeping aids available at good prices.
top quality 420 for sale pickup or delivery minimum quarter send me an email with your wickr.
then you can put on your shirts, shoes and do daily activities without worrying about smells.
indoor aaa indica dominant purple fire x nirvana ak 48 grown in coco and cured in glass jars.
so long as i respect him, and respect his business, he does the best he can to keep me happy.
xpressdelivery available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
ice cold morning 50$ each quick reliable and consistent service any unused or unwanted goods?
contact wickr ice cold sale 50$ each wickr: bigboii9292 not just another craigsrip real deal!
pickup available outer cbd queenvicmarket flagstaff gardens area exact details through wickr.
joneswills aussiestoner a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
joneswills aussiestoner a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
now buy your favorite indian home appliances online at best price from home appliances india.
my new wickr id whitewiddowz i was whitewiddows now whitewiddowz with a z sorry for the hass.
contact via wickr its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
download the wickr app from play store or apps store and send a text to my wickr id wickr id.
contact via wickr its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
contact via wickr its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
dense nugs with some color loaded with trichomes, loud smell, great taste, super potent!wickr.
medssupplier420 available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
kymedic download whatsapp messenger on your app or play store and message me via 0403 261 113.
420 available face to face meets no western union rubbish northern suburbs location good buds!
kymedic download whatsapp messenger on your app or play store and message me via 0403 261 113.
more info on prices sizes please message me using the wikr app wikr movementt now for details.
ever will deliver anywhere in the and around west prices depend on where you need delivery to.
looking for the auscision ho wrc 1, 280hp walker railcar in melbourne, you are at right place.
0477023351 wickr: octobomb17 freezing up the streets of melbourne value prices all year round.
quality cold goods, drinks, bricks for those brick layers and a few other things pick up only.
hump day sucks but waking an baking doesnt hit me up on wickr whitewiddows always good prices.
wickr: coldstrike $60 p $100 2p $140 3p $230 5p 24 7 availability, cbd and surrounding suburbs.
only dudes who know what they're doin n who r happy 2 help me out not lookin 4 anything sexual!
passcounter1 we are the best producer of high quality counterfeit banknotes and fake documents.
sm oke 420 medical mariju ana deliv ery download wickr from app store and text me via wickr id.
no crap like every other person on this site, this is legit send me your wickr and we can talk.
i live in melbourne, have no car but happy to meet at your local station to pay and pick it up.
here to stick around got what you need for them jews and what you need to sleep and stay awake.
yo dogs, i gat some real stuffs for you my dudes for weekend flows i gat cocaine mdma, ecstasy.
hybrid blackberry diesel x blueberry og big beautiful dense, frosty nugs with a loud sour nose.
charlie and lucy available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
420 grade a mary jane delivered and 420 charlie available wicker kushdude420 serious inquiries.
hi there, i'm seeking a private loan of $3000 for the purpose of paying a bond on an apartment.
yep so it's kind hot but not really but huh gear up kids 50 a dot 200 a hg 350 a g simple fool!
south east suburbs top quality ice cold shards rock supply delivery available to some locations.
south east suburbs top quality ice cold shards rock supply delivery available to some locations.
every medical cannabis strain offered for sale at harborside undergoes rigorous quality testing.
i can guarantee you that you will be amazed by the quality, this stuff is rare and hard to find.
every medical cannabis strain offered for sale at harborside undergoes rigorous quality testing.
every medical cannabis strain offered for sale at harborside undergoes rigorous quality testing.
nice ice cold shardy 50$ each quick speedy service without the bullshit i'm not bullshitting ya!
underwear starts at $30.00 $8.95 postage and handling for plain cotton briefs, worn for one day.
hey guys, got some tasty nice stuff in will be around yarraville all day and night for pick ups.
looking for contact just need 2oz to try and then will be buying qp's when needed in the future.
marijuanaweed medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
alexander1000 medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
we guarantee 100 that after purchasing from our stores, you will never look anywhere else again!
tried to pass off a halfball in a cig pack and said i could obviously see the gear upon meeting.
anyone looking for something cold in the south east message me on wickr with what you are after.
cold deli i got the nice stuff, u wont be disappointed, 1 50 2 100 5 200 10 400 wickr, banger02.
cyrilemiles master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id.
1p $60 2p $110 3p $160 4p $210 5p $250 10p $450 sweet puff pipes are also available for $50 each.
in melbourne and still thinking to warm up well the wait is over after u go through the hq stuff!
in melbourne and still thinking to warm up well the wait is over after u go through the hq stuff!
for sale i've got a tab of acid 250 ug and a blue superman pill for those dancing pinging nights.
now you might think, ok, i think i need to start using the medicine first but how should i start?
what about this money gram thing going on here, you deposit money and wait for a call to confirm.
our product is gradeaa and we supply within australia and newzeland and our prices very moderate.
photographs only available with purchase of underwear no exceptions as for my push pop lollipops.
just got in very high grade quaters only $120 e pick up only south yarra wickr only get in quick.
looking to get some puff and also a pip or stem if possible reply with prices and pick up suburb.
got some nice pot up for grabs, two types to choose from, both are good, but one is a bit better.
totalling $60 delivery fees are applicable depending on distance from cbd pick up also available.
premier quality cold delivered to your location with in reason message me on wikr wikr:b3l0wz3r0.
no videos, all of them guys collected the stuff from google and now impersonating here as a girl.
1 4 p$800 1 2 p $1400 1 p $2500 order via supreme bathsalt com only: discreet delivery overnight.
price: 450 g only pick up available in dockland delivery within 20km of cbd no drama, no bullshit.
fresh in and a very nice smoke quarter for eighty four for fifty one for twenty wickr benfotwenty.
please send me a message for details beware new scammer in town elycash16 likes to sell cornflour.
contact kkkawaii on wickr to discuss installation of synthetic grass into your home or work place.
i've gotten similar reviews on the lsd too, most come back to purchase another 10 20 tabs from me.
great gear products in stock msg me now using the wikr app msg movementt for more info prices etc.
wickr treesagreen for good quality grin tasts and smell beautiful theres a few good ecs to be had!
great photo for advertising purposes, or even just to remind you of your freezing cold adventures.
great photo for advertising purposes, or even just to remind you of your freezing cold adventures.
quality 420 available se suburbs wickr: greenbaron jack herer strain, nice buds, stativa dominant.
looking for the auscision ho b68 vr tangerine silver tea cup in melbourne, you are at right place.
hey guys im selling my arlo camrea set its bran new comes with 3 camreas n evrey thing in the box.
our traditional medicine inhibits and shrinks sweat gland mucus 100 completely treat underarm odor.
surgery on sweat gland means sucking the mucus glands under the armpit to eliminate sweat and odor.
if you don't believe me just ask a smoker that's traveled and look at the trend in other countries.
great fruity nose with a beauty burn.grape god indica this is a cross between god bud x grapefruit.
tittle says it all got good quality cold i want to swap for mobile phones or something of interest.
looking for females that are interested in meeting up for puff and play in this cold weather today!
looking for good quality bikkies, prob 2 4, delivery would be great, or meet close by wanting asap.
og kush, blue dream, sweet tooth, grand daddy purple og, blue haze, skittles, green crack and more!
og kush, blue dream, sweet tooth, grand daddy purple og, blue haze, skittles, green crack and more!
medical plant is the best plant we have had in our life it helps us and satisfy us in various ways.
this toyota landcruiser prado 2009 has front parking sensors, ipod connectivity and cruise control.
cold shop wikr id: coldstorm cold prices all day 24 7 no doubt you'll be impressed with our product.
our company is located in the united states however australia is one of our major markets of export.
buy some on sale this morning only driving from mentone to cbd now hit me up quick wickr kareyokeyo.
wickr: dandyblaze q $90 white widow face to face on the spot, half: $170 pick up south eastern subs.
current menu includes: pure gorilla glue grand daddy purple super jack pineapple express blue dream.
the clown dealers i speak of would have been out of business on their first few sales anywhere else.
if you cant treat people or customers properly and think its cool letting them wait or selling shit.
anything you feel to tell me stays between us and always more than willing to chill for a good chat.
nice md and whip up for grabs in footscray for pick can deliver sometimes for extra wickr: jonsey87.
we recommend these strains for relief from pain, inflammation, anxiety, spasms and other conditions.
hey all, im selling some decent choof in the eastern subs, trying to get up a few regular customers.
dick smith electronics store is closing at the mall and we have a 2003 crown pallet stacker to sell.
quality you can trust 70 each or 5 270 10 430 will travel wickr only reply available shardhonest016.
our herbal incense and spice potpourri are rich and potent blends of the finest herbs on the market.
both front and rear arms are 4 wider per side for enhanced stability when adding those larger tires.
looking for 3 points of ice in melton, need it quick won't pay over $150 for it wickr blowmebitch69.
seeking 420 for tommorow night must be able to deliver melb cbd near china town wikr me melbf1green.
if you're a store owner wanting to make a quick profit this is definitely what you'd be looking for.
will sell $60 for both $30 each good shit and if you're far away i'll deliver for a little bit extra.
local1 888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888 on work trip after some drugs traralgon area.
.1 $50 2 $80 3 $110 5 $170 1.0 $330 1.7 $500 wikr hummersby if you wish to buy discounts for pickups.
dimensions: 5'7 x 18.25 x 2.33 shortboard, blue tail, thruster $300 5'9 x 20 x 2.5 hybrid pill shape.
wickr id passcounter1 buy super notes, they pass all atm machines and can be deposited into any bank.
the mentality that a person providing id and parting with money to a machine, wouldn't dare rob them!
so i put this to you all to think about: if you're buying weed, why don't you already have the money?
budstore contact us to satisfy your happy times great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
250 half g 450 full g 650one 75 and just for your information this is not just your standard quality.
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
hi everyone i'm looking for some duromine, i am after 30 mg capsules and looking to buy a whole pack.
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
stop don't go away if u are after quality product with reliable and prompt service we are who u need.
kush candy kush express fast version bubble kush pineapple kush critical kush contact us on wickr id.
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
420 for delivery all over melbourne and surrounding areas q$100 h200 bags$300 call 0403 582 391 24 7.
delivery tonight to frankston great great prices and fast as fuck message drpot on wickr wickr drpot.
tho dont why he needs a lappy as his spelling is so bad to be comical or that of an emoji mastermind.
limited supply only $120 quaters only no more no less a grade quaters only contact on wickr only i'm.
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
this is a new, open box, in excellent condition estelon xb, white, speakers, pair, with original box.
wanting cold rocks in yarrawonga cash waiting but can not travel hope someone can help me out cheers.
all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
cyrilemiles heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd xanax wickr id.
wickr id tripthis clean md biccies for pickup or delivery, pick up is in pascoe vale most of the time.
supermarkets are getting the shake up everywhere all of a sudden organic is available in most of them.
good for the full on body stone, good for those with nerve damage or muscle spasms, anxiety or stress.
hey im here in bendigo working for 3 weeks and bought a q witg me so ive ran out and am not happy lol.
genuine harley davidson 1929 jd with assembly complete with ammeter in fair condition part no 4505 29.
after high md quality super bics, will be a regular if they make me fall in love with everyone i meet!
hit me for fast delivery download wickr messenger then ad me so that we can text and u place ur order.
i'm a 18 year old melbourne girl trying to pay for my university selling my worn cum filled underwear.
they are lovely boots and in great condition but they will never get the use they should here with me!
we sell original quality xanax, we offer up to 30 discount on prices to our buyers for large delivery.
we sell original quality xanax, we offer up to 30 discount on prices to our buyers for large delivery.
lordmike2 contact us to satisfy your happy times great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
henryj453 contact us to satisfy your happy times great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
step 4: after spraying is complete, you need about 3 5 minutes for medicine penetrating into your body.
it has, black leather interior bluetooth sunroof good bridgestone tires keyless entry and more to list.
hi there, remember conversation small sausages for breakfast small sausages for breakfast see you soon.
the ears, throat, head, back and legs are yellow to grey green and the other parts are yellow to white.
fs ft: lnib s w; 1911pd scandium frame 45 s w; scandium frame 1911pd these are no longer in production.
looking for a point of dmitri no more in doncaster, eastern suburbs but i'm happy to travel to the cbd.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel wickrid.
blue crush hybrid girl scout cookies x blueberry og beautiful dense, very frosty nugs with a loud nose.
get ice shards 420 molly coke dmt lsd oxy xanax mdma heroin glock 23 adderall hit me up at wickr au420.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel wickrid.
after a quality smoke, that tastes good and lasts, what i currently have you won't be dissapointed with.
all shits in excellent conditions hi capa 4.3,glock 43 revolver,p22,bb guns and ak47 available for sale.
id: coldstorm prices may be a tad higher than others on here but you will know why once you've tried it.
id: coldstorm prices may be a tad higher than others on here but you will know why once you've tried it.
small amounts available for the point buyers i'm here for you, 1 $50 2 $90 nice smoke wickr, eastsyde88.
needing gone asap i can drop it off if your in melbourne cbd nd northern suburbs for a little bit extra.
id: coldstorm prices may be a tad higher than others on here but you will know why once you've tried it.
id: coldstorm prices may be a tad higher than others on here but you will know why once you've tried it.
supposedly called next day for 10 more as feedback she told me they were duds, enjoy the ten more u got.
fast response time, no fuck arounds, give us a message and i'll have you floating on cloud 9 in no time!
hash wax and shatter high thc levels available trade friendly, free gram to senior care and ladies only.
just rise at one end of the heavens with the glorious use of pain pills roxy's addys heroine study aids.
supposedly called next day for 10 more as feedback she told me they were duds, enjoy the ten more u got.
supposedly called next day for 10 more as feedback she told me they were duds, enjoy the ten more u got.
supposedly called next day for 10 more as feedback she told me they were duds, enjoy the ten more u got.
if you look down on them, talk down to them, act or feel entitled to them bending overbackwards for you.
this stuff has not been avaliable for years and i have found a reliable source that is always avaliable.
download the app wickr and add me now wickr id: pharmaalex prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
looking for 420 to use in cooking, off cuts with some bud, basically offcuts that normally wouldnt sell.
ketamine morphine coke msg me on wikr movementt using the wikr app for more info on prices products etc.
best medical marijuana delivery patient 2 patient delivery service 24 7 professional and discreet wickr.
kush,medical marijuana,cannabis,heroin and other drugs we sypply good quality kush at affordable prices.
his mobile is 0872000386 txt or wickr him abusive messages and whatever you do, don't fall for his scam.
can meet anywhere mildura sunraysia if you can't meet anywhere in the mallee area don't waste your time.
can deliver depending on location and quantity hit me up on wikr and we'll go from there wikr:b3l0wz3r0.
we are a worldwide distributor of magnum detox product which are the best detox products in the industry.
i live on my own east subs so happy to bang a few rounds with ya n maybe as a reg thing if ya interested.
therefore, to effectively treat body odor, we need to eradicate large sweat gland that causes this smell.
i'd much prefer that u r based or living in the western suburbs but if ur in the cbd that's cool as well.
all photographs are digital and sent to the e mail address of your choice i hope to hear from you soon 0.
wckr id riana2015 kush melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief wckr.
local weed available hybrid sativa for all your medical relief needs so email us for a easing price njoy.
codeine or methylmorphine is an opiate used for its analgesic, antitussive, and antidiarrheal properties.
pick or pr delivery across melbourne lovely 420 friendly service wickr: woopdatass wickr: thegreendoctor.
heading to melbourne this weekend and looking for some good smoke, any help would he greatly appreciated.
don't be fooled my the price this is some very nice gear burns for a very long time like it's supposed to.
cocaine,shards,herione, dmt, lsd mdma ice coke.oxy,weed and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
not my fucking problem if you said a time you stick the thing and you dont have to do all this other shit.
hey looking for a new regular just looking for 1 gram of 420 to try them will be looking for a q per week.
but just offer away superman pills, clean good quality contact through wickr app on the username tripthis.
download wickr app and contact me wickr id shmokeyshmokey no scams or transfers, just cash for 420 in cbd.
marijuanaweed contact us to satisfy your happy times great cuts available from beautiful on point mothers.
quality 420 available south east suburbs wick: greenbaron cash only, leave msg with how much you're after.
using the wikr app msg movementt for more info on products in stock prices etc just hit me up now on wikr.
we will like to inform every one out there that we are legit and we do carry express overnight deliveries.
in excellent condition still all connected so you can see it is immaculate and in excellent working order.
there is a set of barely used office furniture available for sale $200 each, but negotiable, must go asap!
regular services were always done every 10,000kms and a full service and log book history can be provided.
grade a 420 maryjane delivered hit me up at wickr kushdude420 or email hermanpug007 at g mail for a quote.
strains sativa sour diesel, purple,widow, green,coke, pineapple,xanax, hydrocodone ketamine contact wickr.
depending on what is suitable for the both of us, i can have the loan repaid in 6 12 months with interest.
causes of body odor body odour the odor appearing in the armpit is caused by activity of large sweat gland.
have 4 caps didnt use on the weekend just want them gone willing to sell all 4 for 80 or 25ea call or text.
i doubt that i'll be answering the phone when it rings, so please leave a contact and i'll get back to you.
just looking for a 50 delivery for tonight in st kilda if you can help me out my wickr is pow279 cash only!
nickdam medical plant is the best plant we have had in our life it helps us and satisfy us in various ways.
we pride ourselves on havingexcellent customer care wickr us at our delivery agent for your medical need's.
we pride ourselves on havingexcellent customer care wickr us at our delivery agent for your medical need's.
more and more people will grow there own and they'll get wise and think before they call it the fancy name.
we pride ourselves on havingexcellent customer care wickr us at our delivery agent for your medical need's.
limited supply for anything else leave a message wickr: dots6 pickup preferred, for delivery just organise.
top quality masterpills local delivery marijuana weed kush coke $200 melbourne more ads by this user wickr.
it is sticky, sweet and a airy spindly bud grown to produce massive amounts of tri combs, more than normal.
nickdam medical plant is the best plant we have had in our life it helps us and satisfy us in various ways.
wanted 420, good quality, face to face only cash, around footscray, can pay travel, hookup wickr id: reads.
we sell and supply high quality and purity research chemicals in both large and small quantities worldwide.
available pain relief oxycodone oxycodone cocaine ketamine adderal valuim viagra tramadol xanax lsd norcos.
on this cloudy day i have a number of pre packaged tickets by the rocks, tickets starting at just $70 each.
baby clothes essential items, table tennis table, tvs, chiminea, records, kitchen appliances, clothes more!
nickdam medical plant is the best plant we have had in our life it helps us and satisfy us in various ways.
got good quality cold hit me up on wickr with how much youre after and your location wickr id: lorenjordan.
got ur fix for cold ice cubes and delivery questions can someone hook me up with some thc cannabis e liquid.
delivery available get the fix for cold now by noworriesxxmate wickr me code tyres when where and amount eg.
with very good result, good price, easy use, why would you do not choose vietnam body odour heirloom remedy?
if interested please respond to this post with your email, or phone for text msg and any questions you have.
minimum of 2 dots 60 each half is 250 whole 400 and 1.75 500 i'll be delivering until 1 around bayside area.
high grade weed 420 kush hi im selling marijuana seeds and grass kush contact me if youd like to order some.
top quality window roller shutter at bargain prices eg 900mm x 1800mm $490.00 less if more than 3 purchased.
we will be doing our next march 26th if you want to get your medical marijuana card please text us as wickr.
hi looking to find some hot, only a p of good quality, if anyone can help me out just shoot me a msg, peace.
are you wanting a little more on the side do you have a green thumb established clones for sale at $50 each.
our prices are really low selling as from 10g to 5kg for min and max order per shipment contact at wickr id.
kick the day stress and problems away mary jane consultation phone appointment available 3g service only $50.
wikr me if you can help out: wikr id: wedbegoodatit no scams please will only meet face to face and pay cash!
as the add says quality stuff 4 for 50 q for 70 hb for 130 bag for 240 pick up yarraville wickr bensfotwenty.
i'm putting this out there because it needs saying and many of you out there are experiencing the same thing.
ketamine morphine coke heroine melbourne legit medical service delivery of marijuana cokekushpain reliefweed.
title says it all get in touch, wanna give a couple a try then make it a regular thing if i have a good time.
cheap 420 outdoor buds face 2 face meets northern suburbs q 90 half 170 bag 250 add me on wickr northernbuds.
100 quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
100 quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
we are one of the leading suppliers of the best first class quality colors of ostrich feathers in the market.
once the order is placed we will contact u 10 minutes before we meet contact via cl or wickr itsfrezzingcold.
weedstore you have many many more rights as a medical marijuana patient compared to just a recreational user.
quality ice cold in northcote 50$ depending on quantity wickr not another craigsrip you get what you pay for!
50 1p 100 2p 150 3.5p 200 hg 300 g 400 hb 750 b 1400 q 2400 hb 4200 b pick up only in mentone mordi parkdale.
crete blinds has been one of the premier providers of bespoke curtains melbourne wide for nearly forty years.
$20ea 3 $50 7 $90 14 $160 28 $280 contact via wickr app https: www.wickr.com wickr id is: w3280needs420' thx.
best cold around also 420 contact via wikr: movementt pick up delivery available located out western suburbs.
some matea call it kush bud mml wax og kush, sour diesel pineapple express cali orange kandi kush white gold.
lovely 420 and friendly service delivery available pick up available wickr: woopdatass wickr: thegreendoctor.
1 50 2 100 $20 standard delivery if required 5 550 amount for first meets for a chat wickr me noworriesxxmate.
could be just beside you now wickr noworriesxxmate amount for first meets for a chat wickr me noworriesxxmate.
just made up some 230ug trips limited tabs, got some others also at 230ug i am the chemist, i do these myself.
dont be content with the bitter cold when we can take you up up and away to the sweet unmistakeable real deal.
address: 27 jindabyne avenue, chadstone, victoria, 3148 time: saturday the 23rd and sunday 24th of april only.
we offer only original high quality counterfeit currency notes and fake documents.shipping from united states.
we offer only original high quality counterfeit currency notes and fake documents.shipping from united states.
jersey of none the less kobe brian no: 23 dark purple adidas nba bran near new for sale got white one as well.
they overcharge something like $130 $140 a quarter thats just greed and the smoke is average for what you pay.
hi just wanted to know if anyone sells or is selling a springer bong, thanks to the july ban i can't find any.
got molly caps running tonight if anyone needs 160 for 5 290 for 10 minimum 3 delivery 35 each wikr me mocdoc.
chaow mates i have got some kool stuffs to high inject v v medicated and high quality onlytop shelf grade aaa.
chaow mates i have got some kool stuffs to high inject v v medicated and high quality onlytop shelf grade aaa.
and several other strains available pain relief mdma crysral meth fentanyl path oxy xanax ketamine cock speed.
cyrilemiles available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet wickr id.
top quality 420 available sputh east suburbs wickr: greenbaron cash only, i don't put pics online so don't ask.
empty magazine sight radius 6.38 warranty hk limited lifetime steroid availalble for more info msg us on wickr.
done proply with actual anhydrous acetone 5 200 1.0 350 hb 500 no bullshit easy to deal with wickr drfrostbite.
empty magazine sight radius 6.38 warranty hk limited lifetime steroid availalble for more info msg us on wickr.
will be at crown tonight if you need the best rocks going round melbourne at the moment you know who to hit up!
we welcome you all to try our high quality and purity potassium cyanide among other highly effective chemicals.
hi dear readers, lis twenty mg is a miracle for those who suffering from erectile dysfunction called impotence.
i love this stuff, i have had many life altering realizations on it and wish to share this experience with you.
i love this stuff, i have had many life altering realizations on it and wish to share this experience with you.
ice so cold $50 you no you want to just do it happy hour 12 3 pm ask about our lower price wicker whitesmoke4u.
medical canabis oils and strains for patients and smokers please contact for more info and details on delivery.
he may not burn you first time, nor might he do it second time, but he will do it eventually like he did to me.
northen light more ads by this user its real, its legit and its confidential and discreet, new but old in town.
only a few years ago you would have to look hard to find somthing like this with reasonable prices its changing.
they are supposed to make it smooth as possible not have this attitude of high status as everybody need him her.
some dealers who have set hours, for whatever reason, can't put their phone on silent, or turn of notifications.
each cabinet also comes complete with 4 glass shelves not pictured and they lock from behind with sliding doors.
if you are looking for good quality and reliable service then contact us with what u need how much and location.
2 $100 5 $250 10 $350 just like cornetto no boring bits hassle free convenient service by people for the people.
sydney quality health keep local delivery weed coke kush marijuana prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
420 nice hydro pickup only service footscray $50 3.5 $80 q $140 half $250 bag no change given $$$$$only service.
i dont send money via bank transfer or western union so please don't suggest this as refusal often offends, lol.
i dont send money via bank transfer or western union so please don't suggest this as refusal often offends, lol.
pot pot pot pot sale 50 dollars just 1 size so you don't have to make up your minds 3 size pot that's 50 dollars.
untouched, beautiful clear shards guaranteed to have you coming back for more text 0431 228 768 wickr plumesmelb.
extremely potent cold available for those who want to chase clean quality gear that hasnt been overly stepped on.
marijuana strains find a wide assortment of indica, sativa and hybrid strains each designed for certain ailments.
pick up only for other areas wickr shaggyd2210 oh for one oh two six five six six two if ad still up im still on.
waiting and time waster you might be a professional give us a message for the best cold around melbourne jbuddy1.
marijuana strains find a wide assortment of indica, sativa and hybrid strains each designed for certain ailments.
marijuana strains find a wide assortment of indica, sativa and hybrid strains each designed for certain ailments.
nothing but quality rocks and charlie delivered to most suburbs hit me up i'll call minum 2 dots or half charlie.
for more info looking to trade my sig sauer p239 gen 2 sas with night sights in 40 cal for another pistol in 9mm.
bought these just last year from sportsgirl but haven't had the chance to wear them more than a handful of times.
looking for a quarter, am in brunswick, can travel if local or delivery is good all my usuals are dry, keen asap.
legit weed contact skunky buds always wickr is antiks can get other stuff aswell white powder my wickr is antiks.
got some juice for those gains all sealed and fresh takes 4 6 weeks to kick in and lasts 4 6 weeks after it does.
it's my personal supply and very strong, it is a indica but it will get you too buzzed to do anything productive.
due to a discrepancy on my credit report, i am unable to apply through a bank so i would like to discuss options.
his wickr name is dontletitstop14 formerly or may still be using dontletitstop12 his mobile number is 0481705845.
download the wickr app from your play store and send me a wirckr at kangaroomeds 100 discreet and low key system.
we also carry various synthetic urine products but you must contact us directly to receive information about them.
take note that if you email me, then look for my return email in your spam junk mail folder as well as your inbox.
you won't find quicker or more reliable meth honest straight up with consistent quality goods items trade welcome!
you won't find quicker or more reliable meth honest straight up with consistent quality goods items trade welcome!
don't want many tesla, red bull, snapchat, wb, magnets, burger kings, master cards, silver bar, you know the type.
hey guys got some grouse bud no fuckarounds timestamped pics not blurry will be provided wickr me at bumblebee420.
amazing, beautiful neighbourhood cafe and greengrocer specializing in local organic vegetables and local products.
no odour, no chemical taste, no black pipe, great plume, long lasting burns that will have you going into the week.
no odour, no chemical taste, no black pipe, great plume, long lasting burns that will have you going into the week.
got nice buds bit small but no crumbs and smokes good as, can deliver airport west, tullamarine, niddrie, essendon.
we use the latest in technology and design for built our indoor and outdoor european fireplaces and wooden heaters.
hi everyone i'm selling marlboro cigarettes red ice gold 20 pack $20 10 carton $180 delivers just in the cbd hurry!
feel welcome to ask for prices, it may seem a little bit more pricey than some others though this product is legit.
we have served many clients across the city and take pride in the quality and affordability we have served to them.
melbourne quality health keep local delivery weed coke kush marijuana prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
kushsupplier705 medical plant is the best plant we have had in our life it helps us and satisfy us in various ways.
melbourne quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
if interested customers contact us now via wickr joneswills we do have buds420 marijuana and pain meds on delivery.
melbourne quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
the model estelon xb reproduces the finest nuances of music, giving the listener an impacting emotional experience.
highest quality available, regular stock always coming, able to offer different items aswell for profitable prices.
$60 cbd condition: excellent make manufacturer: cold model name number: cold cold quality puff in cbd available now.
have your party, cold or p n p supplies top shelf quality good prices you wont be disappointed, easy and drama free.
have your party, cold or p n p supplies top shelf quality good prices you wont be disappointed, easy and drama free.
i need a master blaster who can help a gaybro homo dude out n wak mine 4 me coz i friggen suck n can't do it myself!
also stocks tabs and bud but am out right now, if you want me to alert you when i have more then shoot me a message!
the made by fressko range of healthy tea infusters is perfect for the guy or gal on the go who needs a healthy kick.
hey anyone looking for cold just contact me, it's real quick simple and easy, no stuff arounds, headache or stories.
we aren't the sellers that are waiting to reload we always have and can accommodate small, medium larger quantities!
text 0477023351 wiickr octobomb17 forget all the cheap imitators bullshit empty promises, dont take our word for it.
the monkey lives in parts of virgin and secondary forests and in cultivated areas, usually along rivers and streams.
text us for immediate response and only if you can pick up in the cbd or nearby wickr melbmarc123 text 0431 228 768.
here is my top menu: girl scout cookies,sour dieselgreen crack,grand daddy purple,og kush,dark ganja,ak47,red magic.
here is my top menu: girl scout cookies,sour dieselgreen crack,grand daddy purple,og kush,dark ganja,ak47,red magic.
text 0477023351 wiickr octobomb17 forget all the cheap imitators bullshit empty promises, dont take our word for it.
confirm your order and we will have package delivered to you as soon as you want it to your home address and safely.
confirm your order and we will have package delivered to you as soon as you want it to your home address and safely.
confirm your order and we will have package delivered to you as soon as you want it to your home address and safely.
platter's are priced as follows: 1 $50 2 $100 5 $220 10 $370 17 $530 35 $1000 neg wicker id: vegas1707 get in touch!
quality cold goods for sale also selling bricks for those labourers out there and various other things pick up only.
1 $60 2 $100 3 $150 5 $230 quality product; it has no odour, no chemical paint taste, great plume, no black pipe etc.
next time i come across one of these shit heads that do this your getting exposed on here, clean your fucking act up.
great value priices 24 7: 2 $100 5 $250 10 $350 bought to you by melbourne's 1 source see what all the fuss is about.
cocaine,shards,herione, xanax, 420,dmt, lsd mdma ice coke.oxy,weed and few others also available hook up asap cheers.
joneswills we will like to inform every one out there that we are legit and we do carry express overnight deliveries.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an hour maxi download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
stop here dont look elsewhere for great quality and prompt delivery contact via wickr wickr isfrezzingcold or via cl.
looking for good quality strains of 420, after oz qp if you got what i'm looking for hit me up via wickr kosherkush1.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an hour maxi download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
great value priices 24 7: 2 $100 5 $250 10 $350 bought to you by melbourne's 1 source see what all the fuss is about.
great gear great prices pick up available delivery available this stuff will get you through the rest of the weekend.
go through and place your order and you get your package in an hour maxi download wickr app and contact via wickr id.
nembutal, roxy, oxy, coke, actavis lean cocaine, ketamine, lsd,adderal, valuim, percocet, hydros, xanax, norcs, vals.
here is a safe place to order your top grade medical marijuana.we supply high grade medical marijuana strains and oil.
selling banga koooota stuff i'll let u puff and try be4 u buy for first time best pharm help with comedowns all areas.
we offer starter packs for newbies we offer more advance packs including inside xanex,viagra for all your party needs.
hey peeps freash nice green no crumb not wet not tampered with can look befor u bye its ok to say no if u dnt like it.
brand new blues tabs available for sale zanies 80s molly actavis medical grade a buds hit me up at wickr i'd budstore.
hey guys got some great 420 for pick up in preston 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 contact via wickr only wickr id cloverbros13.
4 1 fcs 2 fin setup $395 6'5 x 21 x 2.7 single fin with quad option like new aside from some very minor pressure marks.
let me know your needs availability in many aspects of medical cannabis industry with a great team thru out california.
bud is kinda fresh dosent really have a smell due to being fresh but is in jar, but nice dry and fluffy and dense buds.
top shelf garden greenhouse sun boosted plants grown professional top quality organic pure contact wickr: weedsupply46.
getting into melb tomorrow night for the f1 and seeking that mary must be able to deliver melb cbd wikr me melbf1green.
i just harvest some really top shelf indoor grand daddy purple and sfv og kush asking donations from prop 215 patients.
after some good ole juicy gina asap, if you've got the shit and fair prices hit me up i am not selling on wickr: fxcker.
has anyone encounter this shit or leave you waiting around or 30 min is 2 hours or rings 10 min after the arranged time.
first time buyers max 3 points $150 delivered introductory offer outer se burbs email me with your wikr addy and suburb.
i try to keep a decent amount on hand at all times, but some weeks are busier than others and supplies can get very low.
this will put you on a crazy buzz that you'll go on a good long benda for days or even weeks depending in how you do it.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
top shelf garden greenhouse sun boosted plants grown professional top quality organic pure contact wickr: marijuanaweed.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
packing: smell proof bags or double sealed vacuum discreet packaging shipping: usa and worldwide contact us on wickr id.
we have the buds here ready and available coming straight from my garden and properly treated and cured for 2 to 3 week.
magic flight launch box vaporizer item is used, but in good condition, as it was only used for a week long camping trip.
'atomic' rotating light emergency electrical warning light product description emergency rotating electrical blue light.
i am having 100 positive feedback on ebay, please see link: you can pay thru paypal do not hesitate to ask any question!
long burns, no chemical taste, no odour, great plume face to face no mess around hit reply to email or wickr: coldstrike.
hey what's doing everyone i've got some nice budz for sale atm at decent prices so if ya need it up up on wickr gentz112.
you can see more and directly oder the product at happiershopper dot com or contact us at please see the link on the top.
have some good buds 420 i'm happy if you want to check the quality wickr me if intrestet dandyblaze ps: photo is current.
as the add says nice and easy cash and face to face q for 80 4 for 50 1 for 20 pick ups yarraville 420 hydro in st kilda.
hey guys after some good weed, preferably strains located in melbourne se, willing to travel my wickr is fourtwentymelbs.
deliverd or pick up and cash only face to face if you need any give me a text on 0420406731 or on wickr lockieeee cheers.
these are the real deal, fresh from the chemist, legit script if you need a few zzz's after a hard day s look no further.
master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact us by downloading wickr id on app store.
it has regenerative brakes leather steering wheel, ipod connectivity, 2nd row split folding seats and memory card reader.
got great quality cold, hit me up on wickr with the amount your after and your location wickr id: lorenjordan delivering!
solid glass job with red and yellow resin tint and sanded gloss finish in original box, unused, will hold upto 10kg 22lbs.
ice cold 50$each always good quality ice never had a compliant reliable quick and consistent any unused or unwanted goods?
postage is free for this item for something extra sweet i can masturbate while the push pop is inserted for a cost of $75.
ketamine morphine coke i'm after a airsoft pistol with blowback, prefer the body to be mostly die cast but will do if not.
pick up pref but will come to u if suitable no headaches looking for like minded people who prefer something more regular.
pick up pref but will come to u if suitable no headaches looking for like minded people who prefer something more regular.
pick up pref but will come to u if suitable no headaches looking for like minded people who prefer something more regular.
prices: 3.5 $50, 7 $90, 14 $170wickr: mailordermarypickup: pickup is in elwood near the ormond rd glen huntly round about.
home concepts' recently launched a never before seen range of designer lounge furniture will leave you out of your senses.
we have good legit products ice shards dmt lsd mdma coke oxy heroine glock 23 opuim crystal molly get back at wickr au420.
i am a shaper from california and briefly touring through the area, selling several demo boards in used but good condition.
top shelf buds og kush blue rhino girls scout cookies pain meds oxies and roxies xanax 2mg mdma lsd ice coke kontack wickr.
this restaurant has been established for over 30 years and can demonstrate the commercial success of such a great location.
call me anthony 0423694524 lowest is $40 a point or $190 for 5 points good and pure i can deliver for extra $10 for peteol.
.1 ride for $125 not for the feint hearted wikr: hummersby moving the party incurs a small travel fee depending on location!
we can provide most prestigious cold smokey meat packs, we also blow the utinsils if required in your standed and waterpips.
you'll find a few cheaper out there, but you'll wait hours on end and end up blowing more on calls and general time wasting!
secure, undercover, 24 7 security, cctv, removable barrier optional byo pad lock 68 la trobe st melbourne 3000 $220 a month.
non woven bags direct are fast becoming green shopping bags which are being preferred by families from all over the country.
hello everybody, with the recent cancellation of maitreya i am left with some lovely acid tabs that i am in need of selling.
after using one bottle of vietnam body odor heirloom medicine, you will be eliminated completely from bad body odour forever.
then i've read some adds where it appears their doing you a big bloody favor these people are legends in their own lunchtime.
quick reliable and consistent swaps for goods considered contact via wickr name provided in display image above pick up only.
hit me up on wickr shmokeyshmokey $50 for 1 8 oz 3.5g pickup in cbd no transfers or scams, just cash wickr id shmokeyshmokey.
no stress or hassles just contact sammy on wickr pure541 let me know what you need and i'll name the price and where to come.
restoring antique brass beds back to its former glory is a matter of expertise and only antique bed specialists masters at it.
this is wrong, i'm not having a go at aussie weed, it is what it is and getting better it's the wank factor i'm talking about.
a dealer using this method would raise alarm bells and signal that they have a whole lot of quantity on them or their vehicle.
burns clean, great tasting smoke.green crack mainly indica a classic strain with light green dense buds and sweet fruity nose.
they do have some psychoactive effect, but they won't get you high or stoned' in the same way as the marijuana you're used to.
top selling source of melbournes western suburbs no need to hesitate,we deliver the real deal satisfaction always guarranteed!
if interested or any questions message or please only message if your serious, i take pride in my time medical mjmj and pills.
quality rice wrong price 50$ each mainly pick up 24 7 but can deliver on occasion quick reliable consistent wickr bigboii9292.
the timing belt snapped while driving and unfortunately has damaged the exhaust valves, making it too costly for me to repair.
traveller2015 best medical marijuana delivery patient 2 patient delivery service 24 7 professional and discreet contact wickr.
if you want new and used widest range of trailers for sales in melbourne then blackburn trailers is the perfect place for you.
steel slide with black finish 4 mags original paper work 500 obo text 281 624 two 99 six for pics or trades contact via wickr.
best in area n 60 ea.only available from thursday 17 3 2016 but orders taken now to avoid missing out face to face deals only.
hey i'm in need of a motor bick more dirt then road i'm happy to swap really good cold or cash and cold golf and silver aswell.
secure for them, its not like you're peddling nuclear arms for fuck sake this would put you in a whole lot of trouble overseas.
good quaility icy rocks need gone due to some bills due no bulshit easy to deal with in cbd but will deliver wickr drfrostbite.
100mg caps $30 each 1g 10 caps $260 2g 20 caps $500 3.5g 35 caps $840 lsd tabs are 110mcg, plain white blotters, 8x8mm in size.
420 for sale can deliever 15 gram 80 q bag 280 also md caps 25$ and.pure.md vallium from.america 10g $20 each wickr gimmmmeeee.
good ice cold 50$each always good quality ice never had a compliant reliable quick and consistent any unused or unwanted goods?
goodfaith1990 the habitat of a squirrel monkey is in the northern part of south america to peru, bolivia, paraguay, and brazil.
inbox us on this page and we will get in contact with you we also have a large quantity of brown built shelving cheap as chips.
i insert them so they are covered with my sweet juices, then package and post them to you straight away, at a cost of $50 each.
looking for two tabs of lsd preferably south eastern suburbs, but can drive anywhere hmu if you can help out wickr: whatthe314.
samkingsley87 hybrid strains; master kus nyc diesel lemon skunk white widow ak 47 jack herer hit me on our wickr id for orders.
i cure my bud for a few weeks in a large jar and add in new bud every week so it's a big concoction of juicy bud, see pictures.
cellular pcs gsm edge pcs wcdma mini tablet with wlan and bluetooth camera with flash functions perfectly like a samsung phone!
if you are looking for the best indian cooking utensils, indian cookware, prestige pressure cooker, indian pressure cooker etc.
i cure my bud for a few weeks in a large jar and add in new bud every week so it's a big concoction of juicy bud, see pictures.
i can be reached with instant message app called wickr send me a message with your wickr id and i'll get back to you via wickr.
selling strong, super dry high performance herbs for 270$ per ounce, 140$ per half ounce, 80$ per quarter ounce and 50$ per 4g.
will deliver in 15 mile radius of i also have indoor blue dream, indoor platinum girl scout cookies, and also indoor grape ape.
marijuana is safer than alcohol safer than cigarette safer than stupid politician prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
selling strong, super dry high performance herbs for 270$ per ounce, 140$ per half ounce, 80$ per quarter ounce and 50$ per 4g.
if u think ur up to it get back to me or txt 0 four one 4 oh sevn 6 for 3 four please no time wasters or lots of email pingpong.
got some nice green and clean bics, pickup in moonee ponds or brunswick, delivery available with delivery fee for small amounts.
have no worries we ensure customer security with us you get just what you want delivered to you without any problem ok wickr id.
send me an email number good time to call and i will deliver to your adress asap.thanks for more details contact us on wickr id.
rides start from 1 ride $50 2 rides $ 80 3 rides $110 4 rides $ 140 5 rides $ 170 1.0 rides $ 330 purebred doped horse available!
kushsupplier11 purple ak 48 indoor aaa sativa dominant seedsman purple bud x nirvana ak 48 grown in coco and cured in glass jars.
there are some predominate aussie billionaires one group i know of is ex mining buying up thousands of hectares for this purpose.
delivery from 6pm onwards 3p minimum delivery 1 scoop $60 2 scoop $110 3 scoop $160 min delivery 5 scoops $230 wickr fr33znpo1nt.
wickr treesagreen 4 your sticky icky no rork hard shit here party biccies delivery around west sud maybe further can be arranged.
looking for a bag around my area, either for pickup or delivery, must be high quality and frosty solid nugs wickr: tryptamine420.
features of the homestead cooker unlike any other slow combustion stove you have the versatility of using solid fuel or electric!
lexomil bromazepam 6mg wanted usually comes in small plastic bottle x30 pills please contact me if you want to sell cj melbourne.
the addition of a main slide trigger is a pioneering development which allows the player to be in complete control of intonation.
$2500 ongoing promotion, order now and don't be late download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text wickr.
$2500 ongoing promotion, order now and don't be late download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text wickr.
please see photos contact me pick up preferred around 3211 3212 area approx 25kms from werribee cbd approx 25kms from geelong cbd.
lets all try lure these rats out of the sewer and get a couple of hard pipe hitten pippers with a pair of plyers and a blow torch.
would rather sell as whole for 10,000 or 3,000 a pound need it gone tomorrow night as i'm going away so it's just gonna sit there.
also, i am wanting to be taken knicker and bra shopping by a girl, so she can help me choose make me buy some knickers for myself.
a new patient or renewal with records is $300 the extended play account is $150 we have thousands of patients we can help you too.
strong aromas that last for more than 5 hours.cwe distribute wholesale all our products are dea compliant and 100 legal worldwide.
because the serious modeler demands the best, auscision strive to make the most accurately detailed locomotives and rolling stock.
because the serious modeler demands the best, auscision strive to make the most accurately detailed locomotives and rolling stock.
joneswills or show contact info home based usa don't miss this opportunity we promise you good business tides for legit customers.
kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil we mango kush, pineapple kush, master kush, white widow and others we have top quality stuffs like.
burns well with a strong cerebral high that is nice, light, and kinda spacey.organic purple kush indica crystally purple hued nugs.
50$ each quick and reliable open to swaps and cash only pick up only msg me on wickr for near instant response wickr on main image.
hey looking for speed, im in se suburbs, can you get back to me with area and price, someone who delivers would be perfect, thanks.
delivery and pick up hit me up coz ill take care of you with no dodgey shit cash up front easy peazy message me whitewiddowz wickr.
if doing something strange for a bit of change is something your into send me ur name and a worthy picture i might get back to you.
3.5 $50 and 7 $90 14 $170 about the green: i cure my bud for a week or two and add in fresh bud to be cured along with the old bud.
northern suburbs pickup delivery changed wickr account due to problems recieving messages top quality ice cold shards rock supplies.
can pick up in coburg or brunwick areas, also some parts pascoe vale wet bud and extortionate prices need not apply wickr: melburnn.
happy 420 bros got stock to keep you satisfied 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 28 $320 open till late wickr app only wickr id is cloverbros13.
we are professional service that don't just deal with anybody, we choose our clients wisely so it is better experience for everyone.
real ice cold delivery for 60point 250half g 450g 650one seven no stuff arounds, please feel safe and free to email me and organise.
buddeal marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
fea optimized overhung motor design with 38 mm titanium voice coil former guarantees very low energy storage and good heat transfer.
looking to grab some dank bud tonight in cbd city looking for a q for $80 or for 4g $50 pls hit me up on wickr shazdaz21 asap cheers.
feel like a real essendon footballer with this unique product just be sure to stock up on this new batch quickly before it's empty 2!
i believe in west aust, gina rhinehardt, richest women in aus has bought in with a large tobacco co and the wa gov has a stake in it.
medssupplier420 available; pain reliefs available pain relief oxycodone oxycodone cocaine ketamine adderal xanax lsd norcos wickr id.
our medical marijuana's unique crisp flavor is enjoyed and recognized as the perfect ingredient for health cure and smoking pleasure.
cullen78 marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
nice fresh cold for pick up only sorry cash deals face to face friendly service 2 p for 100 half g 240 have a taste wickr; brunbuddy.
samkingsley87 indica weed strains; blueberry bubba kush northern light purple kush la confidential hit me on our wickr id for orders.
cullen78 marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
also got hydro bud for sale, 3.5g for 50, 7g for 90 and 14g for 160 etc no minimum purchase, i'm fine with trying before buying more.
lost all my contact my new wickr is whitewiddowz hit me up best prices garrentee whitewiddowz wickr me whitewiddowz aka whitewiddows.
whilst we do not anticipate any issues, our warranty would only cover significant problems should they occur and not minor blemishes.
buddeal asap hookup hey guys got some great 420 here at good prices 1 $15 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 wickr app only wickr id cloverbros13.
this is a great ccw pistol you can text me on wickr really nice cold with that old school pop 1 50 5 230 j 0498731153 wickr shardanay.
top shelf og kush sour diesel gsc pain meds oxies and roxies xanax 2mg lsd mdma ice hash wax kontack budtender's wickr asap goodfaith.
we are an organization and deals in stock and offers the most supreme quality medical mj and top shelf meds,high quality buds,strains.
02 guaranteed to have a good time discount for bulk buy delivering all night wikr me mocdoc be quick i ran out by midnight last night.
100 discreet and low key system we sell original quality xanax, we offer up to 30 discount on prices to our buyers for large delivery.
the prestige be2050 has been designed to meet the demands of the modern day player, with all the qualities of the be950 and much more.
got a few different things left from big weekend trying to get rid of to recoup loss email or send wicker name for details pickup only.
the affect on the black market as we know it and not far away is the price drop all round, dealers you're going to get a huge shake up.
our potassium cyanide is known by jewelry dealers for its extreme and exceptional high quality chemical gilding and buffing properties.
nickdam high quality marijuana strains,white widow,og kush,sour diesel,khalifa kush,blue dream,girls scout, cannabis oil and pain meds.
concept blue latrobe st car park 24 hour 7 day a week secure indoor car park, melbourne cbd, located at level c1, north, car park 106l.
legit local connect, kush and pain relief; downloaded wickr massager app from the appstore or play store also leave a message on wickr.
all sizes and colors are currently available in greater quantity place your order and have the best quality feathers from our industry.
fresh new supply in bulk top notch delevery available puddles mint smooth and burns clear contact sebangercold in wickr to get charged.
electric brake controller and rear anderson plug fitted only towed a camper trailer twice for a total distance of 400km highway towing.
nickdam high quality marijuana strains,white widow,og kush,sour diesel,khalifa kush,blue dream,girls scout, cannabis oil and pain meds.
i am selling tickets to the upcoming vance joy concert here in melbourne message or call me if interested, can be reasonable with price.
legit cold ready to go anytime anywhere no fuck arounds no bullshit, high quality and real quality not like them fake shit going around.
just moved back to the area and looking for a regular supplier, usually get a oz or 2 a week wickr pempoii with price, pic and location.
doctorkush1 marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
this is a 2014 white star ev golf cart with tan leather, extended matching roof, 4 seats, back 2 seats reversible into golf bag holders.
doctorkush1 marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
this toyota landcruiser prado 2009 vx has hill ascent control hac map reading lamps, rear cup holders and multi function steering wheel.
its all up front and wouldn't dare bullshit you knowing once you smoke up you wont be happy, that's how it works everywhere in the world.
if you're reading this post, you're either dealer checking out competition, a customer looking for a good source, or police being police.
goodfaith1990 top shelf buds og kush blue rhino girls scout cookies pain meds oxies and roxies xanax 2mg mdma lsd ice coke kontack wickr.
looking for 420 or tabs just seeing what's in the area delivery fees not a problem.no money grams or western union cash only let me know.
i've just started working out powerlifting and i am looking for advice on body building and power lifting supplements, top shelf options.
joneswills we offer next day,2 or 3 days delivery services please do not hesitate to contact us about any queries regarding our products.
come down and see the rolling stones cold chisel the eagles cold play sponsored by piping hot no fuck arounds and very easy to deal with.
please feel free to visit our website at the following url link or contact us directly with any questions or product inquiry you may have.
120 for 2 150 for 3 180 for 4 200 for 5 320 for 10 400 for 15 delivery service is $20, pick can be arranged just ask our friendly butcher.
mespecially if flying in a plane and are nervous or have anxiety white girls and boys,china white was with me yesterday what of black tar?
1 tab $15 each 10 tabs $140 20 tabs $265 i have personally tested these caps, 1 gets me going even with a bit of a tolerance to the stuff.
wikr qualityhydro wikr qualityhydro no bullshit scams deal face to face and regular customers will be well looked after wikr qualityhydro.
shard420 weed marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel place your order now and let my magic work!
our gold mining, organic synthesis, and electroplating customers have never looked elsewhere ever since they tested our potassium cyanide.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel place your order now and let my magic work!
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel place your order now and let my magic work!
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel place your order now and let my magic work!
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel place your order now and let my magic work!
top quality marijuana for all cancer patient and weed lovers, seed and oil is also available, medical marijuana license card is available.
we have quality 420 and other meds ice shard charlie lucy mdma dmt lsd coke glock 23 h heroine oxy xanax adderall get back at wickr au420.
joneswills high quality marijuana strains,white widow,og kush,sour diesel,khalifa kush,blue dream,girls scout, cannabis oil and pain meds.
blackburn trailers provide wide range of trailers like standard trailers, tradesmen trailers, box trailers, custom trailers and much more.
with a focus on quality and style, as well as professional installation and expert advice, their body of work must be seen to be believed.
included with seedling tray and rockwool cube and customer support photo supplied and buyers choice which particular clone you would like.
im more then happy to allow you to sus out the leather and try it to see what kind of thoughts you have on it before taking the thing home.
there are some good ones dealers hard to find, mine is great,no hype, no bullshitting around, backs up what they sell always and is honest.
right moron, would it be delusional to think this method makes you bait foolproof little fish catches the big fish, isn't that how it goes.
we work to ensure your safety, but remember to be discreet on your end as well.we accept payment by money orders and email money transfers.
oldschool code selling some of the best bud going around the south east at the moment the weed people are buying these days makes me vomit!
i'm after a good reliable supplier of quality cold not the bullshit getting around that people claim is kootz when its actually koota crap.
we work to ensure your safety, but remember to be discreet on your end as well.we accept payment by money orders and email money transfers.
lordduke11 supper medical marijuana delivery patient 2 patient delivery service 24 7 professional make your order now and remain confident.
the most noticeable and important technological advancement is the design and the materials used in building the estelon's speaker cabinet.
buy high quality marijuana we also got some concentrates available in stock and we always have the best 100 confidential fast and discreet.
people, bide your time and remember the greedy ones charging $130 $140 and more prices as well as the hike on halfs and o's will be history.
they have been called small, nervous primates' as they are the smallest of the primate family cebidae; they weigh about one to three pounds.
hey peeps freash nice green no crumbs all buds aka nuggs can look befor u bye say no if u dnt like it no fuss.it is decent i guratee and it.
hey peeps freash nice green no crumbs all buds aka nuggs can look befor u bye say no if u dnt like it no fuss.it is decent i guratee and it.
got some nce qs delivering in and around essendon quickeas service and lovely buds hit me up on wickr whitewiddow3 you wont be dissapointed.
life is beautiful 420 marijuana top flight 420 green peace flower cannabis forever herbs buds delivery high grade medical marijuana for all!
8' speed glide shift transmission and has a radio, speakers, am fm cd player tires 90 newly maintainced send your mobile number for details.
available for pick up some delivery depending on location minimum delivery 150 shipping via mail to your location is also available as well.
available for pick up some delivery depending on location minimum delivery 150 shipping via mail to your location is also available as well.
joneswills weed marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
joneswills weed marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
joneswills weed marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
heavy 190gsm ring spun jersey knit fabric see more at: https: www.uniformessentials.com.au tmens jb's ringer tee 201jrt sthash.kezhiozf.dpuf.
guranteed the best serious inquires only looking for long term customers and tourists are welcome once u try the best u will forget the rest!
guranteed the best serious inquires only looking for long term customers and tourists are welcome once u try the best u will forget the rest!
got the madd shit hit us up movementt via the wikr app for more info wikr me for more details n prices now on the wikr app add me: movementt.
i am new in town just got back after a long while av heard of all what has been happening here and av come like jesus christ to safe you all.
420 nice buds hydro 420 hydro pickup only service 9am late $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
pick up tonight in cbd $80qs, $160halfs, $280bags, friendly stoner chicks welcome service we will hug out the deal and part ways flying high.
the datejust wasn't the first automatic watch, or the first water proof watch, or the first chronometer or even a watch with a date function.
waiting and time waster you might be a professional give us a message for the best cold around melbourne gear the best of the best jbuddy0402.
rocks ready to cloud up melbourne 50$ p p 5 200$ 1 350$ wickr smokeylouis cash only pick up delivery bayside,cbd,south east wickr smokeylouis.
message on wickr meticulousone looking for sweet sam in south morang, i hope your okay, i'm high jacking cl to find you so please pop up dude.
traveller2015 supper medical marijuana delivery patient 2 patient delivery service 24 7 professional make your order now and remain confident.
his larger middle eastern looking boyf'goon flashed a cigarette pack to which i said no i want to see the gear' he did the usual are u a narc?
the airsoft comes with gun,clip,original packaging adapter and more hey there!trying to get rid of the last of what i have out of my apartment!
for medical use.organic purple kush, kootenay, pink kush cross pink kush, this is one of my favorite kush.an energetic and fun high.bubba kush.
book for a delivery now mmj, units, greenhouse,outdoor, kush,sb420, shatter,bho,full melt, hash,medical marijuana, rosin, contact me via wickr.
kushsupplier705 high quality marijuana strains,white widow,og kush,sour diesel,khalifa kush,blue dream,girls scout, cannabis oil and pain meds.
got some bottles of cold chardonnay looking for people that are wanting to purchase them for resale 1 bottle minimum 1g $300 wickr drfrostbite.
the estelon xb surprises its listener with a very defined and deep bass, clear and articulate mid and exceptional dynamics in high frequencies.
traveller2015 weed marijuana 420 bud hydro green bush kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani og 18 master kush dutch haze order via wickr.
black 3d printer for makerbot replicator 2 dual extruders for sale almost new, used only a few times, still almost new, comes with memory card.
heys guys got some really nice smelly buds here 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 will be in preston till afternoon doncaster after 4 wickr id cloverbros13.
i'm having a go at the bullshit hype people use, its a joke but hey i guess we are a small population and don't know any better, we're evolving.
can do whatever you want to them, happy to wear for a few days, sweat, piss, jizz all $12 each $10 postage or free postage if you get 4 or more.
we have quality 420 and other meds ice shard charlie lucy mdma dmt lsd coke glock 23 rifle h heroine oxy xanax adderall get back at wickr au420.
contact oz air and electrical to get the air conditioning services in melbourne with genuine price for its installation, repair and maintenance.
420 hydro nice frosty buds pickup only $ $ only service 9am late $50 3.5 $80 q $ 140 half $250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
wild turkey 330 ml slab $60 jack daniels stubbies x 5 slabs $40 each jack daniels 1 ltr bottles x 6 $40 each almost full slab of johnny premium.
to talk to the store owner contact them throught wickr jarjar91 or send an email with your details and we'll get back to you as soon as its read.
this is a steal at this price, since many people have paid more on the antique's market for the crank coil inside, for fishing and worm catching.
i've come back to the home country after living overseas for few years and i can't believe the price of dope and all the bullshit hype around it.
goodcharlie we also have the following pills xanax,adderals,roxy30mg,norco,mioll medical marijuana so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
420 bubblegum and cotton candy qs halfs and oz's pick up only a grade top quality smoke your welcome to inspect before you buy wickr jim420blaze.
samkingsley87 sativa weed strains; blue dream purple haze sour diesel train wreck strawberry cough casey jones hit me on our wickr id for orders.
each drive unit is broken in by running a signal through them for several hours before selecting matching pairs of drivers for each speaker pair.
get the best quality bud u can ever find we do offer variety of buds available discrete overnight shipping send msg on wickr or contact directly.
yo got the goods ready to go get at me on wickr if you want it mean gear if you don't like it give me the bag and i'll refund you wickr geewizzzz.
contact via wickr id celinefisher113 15 a g 45 8th 80 quarter earth og bubba kush sour diesel and bugatti og contact via wickr id celinefisher113.
this is a system that allows women to achieve and experience freedom from obsessive compulsive dieting, damaging workouts and negative body image.
cold rock for sale sunday legs get rockn all you classy c un t s cokecola is also with me hit me up on wickr coldrockz so hit me up lets get bent.
i am the best in town just got back after a long while av heard of all what has been happening here and av come like jesus christ to safe you all.
evening all, i'm stuck at home with the heating on, m but would really like a kind hearted soul to to deliver me something that will cool me down.
i am the best in town just got back after a long while av heard of all what has been happening here and av come like jesus christ to safe you all.
for over 14 years we have been supplying premium quality equipment to the fitness industry,sporting clubs, companies and government organizations.
i am the best in town just got back after a long while av heard of all what has been happening here and av come like jesus christ to safe you all.
thanks for helping me grew this green plants, you know i have order some tablets and drugs from usa to complete my local customers varieties needs.
if you want to restore this car to working condition, it will need to have the engine head reconditioned and new exhaust valves, and a new battery.
high thc level buds available very strong weed with a beautiful smell qs, halfies, bags top quality contact: wickr jimmy420blaze photos sent there.
thanks for helping me grew this green plants, you know i have order some tablets and drugs from usa to complete my local customers varieties needs.
realmate88 ready to supply all strains desired by my humble clients.contact wickr realmate88 from sativa,sourdiesel, purple,widow, green,coke, etc.
hi guys like the title says i'm looking for bricks but must be aussie brands i'm willing to pay a good price contact me on wickr id looking4healing.
airport west hobbies is a unique hobby or model shop of its kind that caters modellers hobby enthusiastic requirements to complete the model layout.
airport west hobbies is a unique hobby or model shop of its kind that caters modellers hobby enthusiastic requirements to complete the model layout.
hey guys got some nice new budsin welcome to see pictures pick ups in preston 1 $15 3 $50 7 $90 going all night until late wickr us at cloverbros13.
you all need to have go a at old mate ya mum's fresh out of the oven frozen treats $50 dots 3for $140 $200 halfs wickr: yamum69 cbd and surroundings.
wanting to swap a unlock 32 gig samsung galaxy s4 white in excellent condition and working order with case charger and earphones wickr id mobfoneguy.
i hope some of you get what i'm saying here as i speak for the underdog and i'm aware some of the audience will disagree and rant and rave.guess who?
indoor and outdoor grown medical marijuana strains,indica or sativa,thc,cbd,wax,buds,shatter,ear wax,budder,rso,bho,co2 ho,710,hash,brownies,edibles.
i need your help guys to get rid of many pairs of jocks message me on kik: slymatty mixed brands including bonds, lonsdale, alpha, mossimo and tommy.
arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
wickr me at hundie9384 or email me also sell tabs but am out right now, if you want me to let you know when i have more then feel free to drop a msg.
arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
hello mate we are a group of weed growers we got you here some good grade a strains of weeds at good prices and delivery is secured, sure and direct.
doing delivery and pick up message drpot for delivery and message whitwiddowz for pick up mesaage whitewddowz for pick up message drpot for drop off.
the instrument is also in very good condition cosmetically, with the only noticeable scratches being on the bell, just below the mouthpiece receiver.
you all need to have go a at old mate ya mum's fresh out of the oven frozen treats $50 dots 3for $140 $200 halfs wickr: yamums69 cbd and surroundings.
buy counterfeit money real and fake documents wickr id passcounter1 we are the best producer of high quality counterfeit banknotes and fake documents.
420 pickup or delievered at extra fee will deliever anywhere for extra fee reasonable molly for sale caps or pure $25 cap or 250 gram wikr gimmmmeeee.
top shelf buds og kush white widow afghan sour diesel pain meds oxies and roxies xanax 2mg lsd mdma ice coke kontack budtender's wickr asap goodfaith.
feel free to enquire about other products mainly pick up, may occasionally be able to deliver depending on whether i am able to sort out lifts or not.
feel free to enquire about other products mainly pick up, may occasionally be able to deliver depending on whether i am able to sort out lifts or not.
good quality weed and coke for sale for a low price no bullshit can do money gram or cash transactions can do delivery message me on wikr at: buycoke2.
there are too many so called experts that claim or appear to be fully conversant, they just spend too much time reading on the net and lack experience.
i'm sure its already begun here dob in a rip off or something like that the perception in europe is that dope here is way overpriced for average stuff.
in the event you were sold shit and you complain they will rectify it immediately and i mean go out of their way as it puts their business in jeopardy.
wickr southyarra jack herer jack herer is a sativa dominant sativa indica hybrid of cannabis known for both its cerebral high and its strong body high.
ice in reservoir 50$ each quick reliable and consistent swaps for goods considered contact via wickr name provided in display image above pick up only.
kush download the app wickr and add me now sun420 all strains are hard tight super frosty stinky nugs and anyone who has had them before knows whatsup!
we are suppliers of ostrich natural feathers ostrich decorative feathers, we sell quality products at affordable price for more information contact us.
hey, always looking for quality euro bics, not something nobody has heard of and nothing local, no supermen, batman, vw, mere or those sorts of things.
pillsdr1 ready to supply all strains desired locally by my humble clients.contact wickr pillsdr1 from sativa,sourdiesel, purple,widow, green,coke, etc.
those that tell you it does, either haven't been over there or they've been told by jo blow, you know those types they know everything but been nowhere.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel book for a delivery now text only contact us via wickrid.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel book for a delivery now text only contact us via wickrid.
wickr id sun420 og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id sun420 white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id.
the owners manual gives detailed instruction of installation and operating instructions of the ovens fire boxes, hot water etc call and arrange to view.
value prices 24 7 forget chocolate with these special prices 2 $80 1 2 $230 10 $325 $ reviewed upon regularity speedy service for all you speedy people.
value prices 24 7 forget chocolate with these special prices 2 $80 1 2 $230 10 $325 $ reviewed upon regularity speedy service for all you speedy people.
value prices 24 7 forget chocolate with these special prices 2 $85 1 2 $230 10 $330 $ reviewed upon regularity speedy service for all you speedy people.
so hit us up on wicker whitesmoke4 before its all gone mutual meeting grounds; 1 $50 2 $80 2.5 $100 5 $180 10 $340 17.5 $400 35 $750 wickr geelongscold.
if you feel like puffin pipes wickr me on westy01 good quality beer get high tonight pick up from sunshine prices are 50p 250hg 400g 550hb wickr westy01.
samsung 32 curved monitor, brand new, taken out of the box and setup once for about an hour, it's too big for my desk so unfortunately i have to sell it.
traveller2015 ready to supply all strains desired by my humble clients.contact wickr traveller2015 from sativa,sourdiesel, purple,widow, green,coke, etc.
looking for high quality strains, please don't bother contacting if you got below average, looking for roughly an oz qp contact me via wickr kosherkush1.
could be just beside you now; wickr noworriesxxmate is the most reliable fast:and the best solution with the best gear or u r money straight in ur pocket.
get rid of the last of tis with a qb, or take a dot wat ever floats you boat wickr latebuzz everybody should stat to use a different app whatsapp forward.
420 hydro nice buds footscray pickup only $ $ $ only service $ $ $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $140 1 2 $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
over the years, rolex sold millions of datejust watches and the gold and steel combination was probably the most recognizable status symbol of 1970 1980s.
1 x puff $60 2 x puffs $100 3 x puffs $150 5 x puffs $230 sweet puff pipes $50 we can arrange delivery for at an added cost dependent on location and time.
1 x puff $60 2 x puffs $100 3 x puffs $150 5 x puffs $230 sweet puff pipes $50 we can arrange delivery for at an added cost dependent on location and time.
hot smacker rates start at $50 for 1 $80 for 2 $170 for 5 $330 for 1 cold 1 for $60 2 for $ 110 contact via email or wikr: hummersby discounts for pickups.
send a pic and info about phone and what you think your phone is worth and be reasonable as im in the work industry that has me well trained to be no fool.
hi quality 420 hydro really nice smoke nice size nuggets similar to skunk gets you really high cheap nice size ounces 240 delivered around western suburbs.
okay so heres the story me and my coleague were doing a gig in sydney for 4 years and my bro was doing it for 11 yrs in nz and 4 here hes the professional!
death star,mk ultra,agent orange,headband,taheo,strawberry cough,blue dream,ghost strain haze,flo larry og,golden goat green crack what strain do you need?
420 hydro nice frosty buds pickup only service $ $ only service 9am late $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
get blown away this labor day with our public holiday specials be the life of the party message me for more details my wikkr i can get you what your after.
1 $60 2 $110 5 $250 10 $420 prices will be dropped upon regularity looking for regulars to create a good customer base where mutual respect means something.
ray ban special series folding way farer sunglasses $100 or nearest off call me the peace is in really good nick got the case too both in quality condition!
want good buds give me a buzz thru wickr wickr: alwaysopen delivered for $30 fee over 25km 1g $20 pick up 3.5g $50 5g $65 7g $90 14g $160 21g $210 28g $270.
420 hydro nice frosty buds pickup only footscray $ $ only service 9am late $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
cough syrup.china white pain pills 30s blues m30 actavis syrup, black tar tina green percs perks xanax oxicodone,coke,nembutal hem oil pure cannabis extract.
want good buds give me a buzz thru wickr wickr: alwaysopen weekdays is pick up only or i am fortunate to get lift, or we organise a train station to meet at.
it is good top shelf weed that i sell pre rolled in blunts to help my costumers out so they don't have to go through the inconvenience of buying blunt wraps.
name roopa pemmaraju location: room 3, level 7, 37 swanston street, melbourne, victoria website: http: roopapemmaraju.com collections tops call: 61413925771.
hey mates we have got some kool stuffs to high inject v v medicated and high quality onlytop shelf grade aaa all types of kush xanas and many others contact.
wickr me southyarra quarters only jack herer is a sativa dominant sativa indica hybrid of cannabis known for both its cerebral high and its strong body high.
forgot my password to my old account the old one was whitewiddows come stock up on nugs for the weekend great buds great prices hit me up wickr whitewiddowz.
our incredible range at made by fressko are made to suit the hard wearing and sporty lifestyle that is so synonymous with australian style so get yours today.
great fishy shortboard for small waves to slightly overhead $475 6'2 x 19.75 x 2.5 shortboard, stringerless with carbon vector net top carbon underlay bottom.
mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine kcn cyanide po.
mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine kcn cyanide po.
the methy kind 50$ each always good quality ice never had a compliant reliable quick consistent and honest 100 no bullshit given any unused or unwanted goods?
85mg caps cap 25 5 120 10 220 20 400 bagged 0.5g 140 1g 250 2g 450 3.5g 750 swing us a msg on wickr: bakeryfresh money face to face only no cash wiring scams.
i guarantee my cold being one of the best im legit only do face to face transaction can send pic you can try before you buy wickr theboss187 cold bud coke md.
you will get a wide variety of kitchen appliances here, we also provide roti maker australia, preethi mixer grinder, idli maker, idli cooker and sumeet mixer.
mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine kcn cyanide po.
i should've listened to the last guy who posted on here warning everyone about him before but i thought after getting good stuff first time round he was okay.
large amounts negotiable wickr me at swaybong' if you need around warragul can probs travel too wont charge for delivery just depends if i have the car or not.
someone that wants to have my already built up shop and on going marketing to fail burn to ash no, but want a stable and ongoing partnership with professional!
it also lacks the staying power, try the same thing in europe and now usa, its different, for those of you that have tried it, you know what i'm talking about.
dutch haze afghan kushoxy30mg,roxy30mg $ get$$high$$ pain medication valiu oxy30mg,roxy30mg xan2mg add vics no.rcs pro methcough syrup with co deine 10mg opan.
dutch haze afghan kushoxy30mg,roxy30mg $ get$$high$$ pain medication valiu oxy30mg,roxy30mg xan2mg add vics no.rcs pro methcough syrup with co deine 10mg opan.
ice cold in stock 50$ each quick reliable and consistent shards minus the bullshit goods and items are highly considered msg for an instant quote pick up only!
quality goods available from localchemist cold 1 60 2 100 5 250 10 450 charlie hg 200 g 350 bics imports 1 35 md g 350 wickr localchemist or text above number.
limited supply only $120 quaters only no more no less a grade quaters only contact on wickr only this is all for you and at your disposal at anytime i'm ready.
hey guys back to our normal deals again with some awesome 420 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 pick ups preston till late and back early morning wickr us at cloverbros13.
trans fast hooker none of those asian crap fastest legit supplier ever, am here to rescue ma mates and maties who have been finding it difficult to get hookup.
the information memorandum contains the liquor licence, lease, financials and a plant and equipment inventory available upon signing a confidentiality agreement.
could be just beside you now; wickr noworriesxxmate 1 50 2 100 $20 standard delivery if required 5 250 amount for first meets for a chat wickr me noworriesxxmate.
ice shards in stock you won't find better on craigslist 50$ each quick consistent reliable and quality assured no fuck arounds no bullshit unused items and goods?
1 point 1 cap $25 half g 5 caps $110 gram 10 caps $200 everything i sell comes from reliable vendors on the darknet, so you're guaranteed to get what you pay for.
it works great this thing is really nice, the curve looks really cool, basically brand new, still has all the plastic on it, in original box with all accessories.
the original rigid, material covered besson hard case is also in excellent condition only a few small marks on the bottom with fully functioning zips and handles.
in addition to all the foregoing it has a rear vision camera you can easily see what is behind you when reversing and multi zone climate control air conditioning.
420 available northern suburbs no scam here we are legit face to face meet q 100 half 180 bag 300 nice big buds very strong smell add me on wickr only krazygreen.
have some good buds 420 i'm happy if you want to check the quality wickr me if intrestet dandyblaze ps: photo is current smelliest and strongest weed i've had yet!
get your puff on in reservoir 50$ quick reliable and consistant cold supply contact via wickr provided in the display image above got any unused or unwanted goods?
2009 vx prado in excellent condition crystal pearl white with black leather, full log book history with 150000km major service with timing belt and tensioner done.
adidas yeezy they're a size 8 men bought the wrong size for my girlfriend includes receipt from shop in america asking $650 but willing to barter, moonrock colour.
good quility with affordable price min 2 2 100 3 150: 5 250 fast delivery with 5 higher free delivery if within 10mins of my current location wickr noworriesxxmate.
that's yesterdays world, one of the great benefits of hydro apart from availability and strength is having variety anytime, comes down to quality and quality alone.
they will pay a little more but where for example if its called black widow it will be the same one they smoke in spain or prague or amsterdam just to mention some.
we also offer the shake blend as a low grade option, it's a mix of all our bag ends from the top and mid grade strains.sugar jack sativa sugar shack and jack herer.
nicely washed and cleaned cold such a good hit when there is no cut corners good prices in good faith n hope for loyal customers pick up drop off wickr drfrostbite.
tobias bass guitar with case guitar stand vox pathfinder bass 10 amp 2x cables clip on tuner epiphone chromatic tuner pedal all 2 years old and in as new condition.
top quality 420 bubblegum buds se suburbs wickr: greenbaron beautiful bright big sticky buds get in quick over the easter break q 90 h 160 oz 300 wickr: greenbaron.
420 hydro nice frosty buds pickup only service footscray $ $ only service 9am late $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
fb 80 3av date 09 11 volts 208 240 single phase serial number fb4983 hz 60 water 161 psi amps 208 240 max operating pressure steam 22 psi perfect working condition.
420 nice hydro 420 footscray pickup only $ $ only service no change given $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
i needed a new dealer a few months ago, so like many, i turned to craigslist and facebook, and forums, and everything else i could, when my other contacts dried out.
kush weed marijuanaganjabudsgreen bushhydrodutch hazesoure diselmango kushog kushpineapple expressbig budwhite goldshadecrystalsblack tarcanabis oilskunkog platinum.
no solicitors should contact requesting for fronts of lb of weed and stuff.our minimum order is an ounce.it goes generally for $240 and free shipping on first deals.
no solicitors should contact requesting for fronts of lb of weed and stuff.our minimum order is an ounce.it goes generally for $240 and free shipping on first deals.
the water pump, oil pump seals, timing belt, crank and cam seals, tensioner and spark plugs have all been replaced during the repair so shouldn't need to be touched.
view the huge collection of think of us products visit at thinkofus.com.au or think of us profile on twitter.com.to know more visit: www.twitter.com thinkofus store.
i live in keillor and will be regular customer if you are good dealer peace ill send you my phone number in email i dont mind driving any where in 40 minute distance.
so it'll be good quality you won't be waiting around on a dark corner for someone claiming they are 2 minutes away, but realistically about 5 minutes to 3 hours away!
wickr contact is pff2u send message with rough qty ur interested in which area you're in and if you can pick up, meet part way or require dominoes pizza type service.
competition sorts everything out even the government tobacco companies everybody even drug dealers its a commodity like all other things we consume, like coffee, tea.
excellent quality ice shards flat rate 50$ each you won't find much better today quick response and service reliable and honest someone you can trust quality assured!
using both ovens together one can be cooking a roast and the other can be used for cooking a cake and whilst doing that the hot water is heated and the house is warm!
420 nice buds hydro 420 face to face and $$$$$$$$$only pickup only service 9am late $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
hey all got some amazing weed here up for grabs all bight and early morning pick ups preston prices are temporarily as follows 1 $20 3.5 $50 wickr us at cloverbros13.
no sales after 6pm wickr me at hundie9384 or email me also sell bud but am out right now, if you want me to let you know when i have more then feel free to drop a msg.
420 nice hydro nice frosty buds pickup only $ $ only service no change given $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
420 hydro nice frosty buds 420 pickup only footscray $ $ $ $ only service $ $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
see we all claim to have the best or a well hows this i claim to just have the real thing and all up to you if you say its good and bad ill leave the judging up to you.
reply with wickr id for response brownies $15 per serve, 5 for $60 cookies $10 per serve, 5 for $40 chocolates $5 per serve cakes inquire within pickup in richmond cbd.
no sales after 8pm wickr me at hundie9384 or email me also sell tabs but am out right now, if you want me to let you know when i have more then feel free to drop a msg.
we understand the importance a kitchen holds for any house and hence we have gained special expertise in providing the best quality of kitchen appliances for your home.
we have top quality stuff available new arrival best sativa and indica strains kush weed bud marijuana ganja bush 420 download whatsapp or wickr now and contact me now!
heinsley wickr id heinsley book for a delivery now mmj, units, greenhouse,outdoor, kush,sb420, shatter,bho,full melt, hash,medical marijuana, rosin, contact me via text.
got the best cold the cold will talk for its self i can send pic and you can try before you buy im legit only do face to face transaction cold 420 coke wickr theboss187.
vietnam body odour heirloom medicine vietnam body odor heirloom medicine is prepared from various herbs, rare plant roots, no or little side effects, everyone can use it.
refreshi ng icy cold a vail in all sizes 1 cube $60 2 cube $ 110 5 cube $220 wi kr hummersby if you wish to buy best quality hammer h horse avail, more horse for ur buck!
i will agree some of it is strong smelling but that's all it is, it doesn't pack the punch like the real juicy fruit and black widow and the all the other top shelf gear.
timewarp mostly sativa suitable for daytime use as most users do not end up feeling lethargic and weighed down, time warp may help make some lesser pains more manageable.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
420 hydro nice frosty buds 420 pickup only footscray $ $ only service 9am late $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
all strains was grown from the best genetics, high level of terpene to increase taste and smell, harvested at the right time, dried slowly and properly cured for 3 weeks.
in addition, the prestige tenor horn has been enhanced with a redesigned valve block, wider dimensions and a new leadpipe which provides a rich opulent tonal superiority.
he drives a dark grey holden commodore like in the image above 2006 model upwards and lives in hoppers crossing area but drives around delivering so can be seen anywhere.
fairly used heckler koch vp40 caliber 40 s w; capacity 13 rounds optional 10 round magazines overall length 7.34 barrel length 4.09 width 1.32 height 5.45 weight 26.56 oz.
hey mate if you're after some cold dont hesitate to buzz me i've got the dynamite the one that keeps you up and about for days just inbox me and we'll sort out the prices.
then theheist45 i was suss on the username to start with attempted to run me down tho luckily his car is so old and awful that it can be outrun by a very slow male runner.
kushsupplier705 improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and drugs 420.wickr id shalomhit to hit me for quality stuffs when ever you are ready for quality.
ambien adderall 30mg ritalin 10mg and 20mg morphine 100mg vicodin opana 20mg and 40mg oxycontin 20mg,40mg and 80mg ativan actavis promethazine pupple cough syrup, shrooms.
420 hydro nice frosty buds 420 pickup only footscray $ $ $ only service 9am late $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
i have some marijuana that i would like to sell to people it is good that price is also reasonable if you would like some contact me on wicker my username is bubblegumkush.
420 hydro nice frosty buds pickup only footscray $ $ only service no change given $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
i paid $550, you can grab it for less than that sorry about photos, really hard to photograph without massive reflections pickup from east brunswick, text message preffered.
i feel like i can finally say that my caps are the barra to the koota wikr me mocdoc no time wasters pls amount suburb time will be fine cheers party safe, don't double drop.
i feel like i can finally say that my caps are the barra to the koota wikr me mocdoc no time wasters pls amount suburb time will be fine cheers party safe, don't double drop.
got top shelf grade a grand daddy purple, girl scout cookies,og kush, white widow, sour diesel, afghan skunk and ak 47 100 discrete packaging and safe delivery is guaranteed.
here are the list of blends double dutch potpourri supernova herbal incense apocalypse herbal incense pineapple x spice fiji spice incense strawberry mamba herbal incense mr.
we are melbourne based manufacturers of a diverse range of all of your trailer related needs, be it box trailers for sale, covered trailers, trailer parts and trailer repair.
hey guys got great 420 here for pick up till midnight 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 also as of tomorrow will have some really nice md half bag $150 bag $260 wickr us at cloverbros13.
email or wikr: coldstrike you all need to have go a at old mate ya mum's fresh out of the oven frozen treats $50 dots 3for $140 $200 halfs wickr: yamum76 cbd and surroundings.
these compounds in combination with the resolution of the underarm bacteria will form an unsaturated fatty acid which has unpleasant smell that is often referred to body odor.
get in quick it never lasts long wickr: greenbaron leave a mobile number for faster service 3.5 60 q 90 h 160 oz 300 wickr: greenbaron leave a mobile number or faster service.
quality cold really good stuff havnt been able to get gear as good as this for years no messing aroung good reliable discreet service delivering top quality product methman01.
what is noticeable all over most good real dealers in the world never act big they may think it and never crap on enlightening you with their knowledge to reinforce the sales.
want good buds give me a buzz thru wickr wickr: alwaysopen delivered for $30 fee over 25km 1g $20 pick up 3.5g $50 5g $65 7g $90 14g $160 21g $210 28g $270 cold available too.
we supply good kush and others contact us for more infor via wickr id tsquad24 kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
name roopa pemmaraju location: room 3, level 7, 37 swanston street, melbourne, victoria, australia website: http: roopapemmaraju.com collections long dresses call: 61413925771.
i'm happy with that and would let you know if and when the gear is not so great and priced accordingly hasn't happened yet, for me this means a lot and i greatly appreciate it.
1p for $50 2p for $100 3.5p for $150 5p for $200 1g for $300 1.75g for $400 3.5g for $750 7g for $1350 14g for $2350 21g for $3350 28g for $4200 also sum gina perfer text call.
the growing range of auscision models include the victorian a, b, n and el class locomotives, nsw 422 and 46 class locos, and a variety of both victorian and nsw rolling stock.
420 nice hydro pickup only service footscray $ $ only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker $50 3.5 $80 q $140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
good quality 420 180h 320o delivered northern suburbs only msg me with wickr id and suburb, all other msgs ignored do not msg me if you smoke ice or are looking for other stuff.
420 top quality super skunk sticky and very smelly q's, half's, and bags pick up only your welcome to check product before you buy guaranteed satisfaction 100 wickr evan420weed.
selling awesome cold iv got a fair bit i'm in need of phones and things like that let me know what u have and i'll give u a awesome deal or u can buy for $40 a p u can try first.
lorlyperl mention this ad to receive your choice of: 2 grams for $40 free cake pop or brownie and 2 free pre rolls 1 8 receive 2 free cake pops and 2 pre rolls strains available!
the components used were chosen through hundreds of listening tests based on subjective musicality drivers, teflon hybrid capacitors, inductors, kubala sosna internal wiring etc.
this stuff speaks for its self actual real gear, quick replys,no head fucks will try to be as accurate as possible on arrival times with updates if issues arrise wikr: b3l0wz3r0.
empire traders introduces wonderwoman to the superleague to battle the wrondoings and deceitful practices to give you authenticity not seen before with the purity you looking for.
hello, genuine buyer, i am wanting someone to post to me secure addresss i have done before with this compound just need reliable source various payment options, honest, reliable.
specifications: high efficiency low emissions use less wood no air polution long lasting heat storage be inspired by our variety of fireplaces here and find the right one for you.
afghani, white widow, og kush, pineapple express, willis nelson, purple haze etc etc download the wickr messenger from plays store or app store and get to me within seconds wickr.
what followed was theheist45 coldrockz partyconect entering the hotel i went into over road standing next to security and them saying come outside we have the gear' um no fkn way.
they also stock only the very best fabrics, from the most well known names in the fabric industry, providing you with nothing short of long lasting materials and impeccable taste.
prices: 3.5 $50 and 7 $90 14 $170 wickr: mailordermary mobile: 0481822365 about the green: i cure my bud for a week or two and add in fresh bud to be cured along with the old bud.
prices: 3.5 $50 and 7 $90 14 $170 wickr: mailordermary mobile: 0481822365 about the green: i cure my bud for a week or two and add in fresh bud to be cured along with the old bud.
contact on wickr: remixcat please read entire ad before contacting, most of your questions will be answered here mdma crystals are lab tested at 83 purity and imported from europe.
limited supply only $120 quaters only no more no less a grade quaters only contact on wickr only afghan strain 100 indica 3.5 60 7 q 100 no mess around, always on weight, no scrap!
here are the few amazing features: length 32 color: black spine:400 weight straightness: 006 8.3gpi od:7.6mm we are offering this impressive brand new arrow at an affordable price.
quality top indoor strains check now for your package grand daddy purple, northern lights, purple kush, og kush, white widow, sour diesel, purple urkle, blue dream, and girl scout.
jaykush87 we are a prop 215 compliant delivery service with topshelf nug masterxxxxxxx kush xxxxxxx indica diamond og xxxxxxxxx indica cripple chronic xxxxxxx indica sativa hybrid.
hi guys like the title says i'm after bricks but they must be only aussie brands not this overseas shit i'm willing to pay good cash for them contact me on wickr id looking4healing.
wickr noworriesxxmate cold ice is here and deliver available 1 50 2 100 3 150 5 250 try before buy for over half a g delivery available wickr me code tyres when where and amount eg.
its super sale tuesday great specials the more you buy the bigger the saving 1p 50 2p 80 3p 110 5 180 1g 280 pick up, delivery meet up msg suburb and amount, get in before sold out.
message me on kik: slymatty can give pics and vids of me wearing them if you want pics are attached of what i have right now, contact me for any updates message me on kik: slymatty.
masterpills247 wickr id masterpills247 book for a delivery now mmj, units, greenhouse,outdoor, kush,sb420, shatter,bho,full melt, hash,medical marijuana, rosin, contact me via text.
i can promise testers out of your bag put in by you so you know it's legit not here to rip anyone off and wouldn't suggest any attempt in ripping me off, quick easy no fuck arounds!
wickr southyarra bubblegum kush hey there friends close to south yarra just got in the ever so famous bubblegum kush in, i get in quick and place orders asap, so i can write you in.
delivery available pricing 0.25g $150 0.50g $250 0.75g $350 1.00g $450 changed wickr account due to problems recieving messages get in contact by messaging: new wickr: sunnyboyfrozen.
delivery available pricing 0.25g $150 0.50g $250 0.75g $350 1.00g $450 get in contact by messaging: new wickr: sunnyboyfrozen changed wickr account due to problems recieving messages.
if you don't, eventually you'll be buying your drugs on a seedy street corner, from some hoodie wearing junkie who's more likely to stab you and rob you, than even sell you shit weed.
hey give me a buzz if you need anything, i've got the koutz, no fuck arounds just straight up business 60dot 250half 400g it's not' the rubbish you get off everyone else on this site.
also roxies got some hybrids sativa and indica wholesale only for 1500 unit get adderall xanies blues subs,percs,vics,rits, patches, oxy,dillys,tar coke great deals when getting unit.
also roxies got some hybrids sativa and indica wholesale only for 1500 unit get adderall xanies blues subs,percs,vics,rits, patches, oxy,dillys,tar coke great deals when getting unit.
hey guys some lovely chill 420 pick ups preston 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 got some awesome molly 1 pt $25 half gram $125 gram $250 also got some val 5s 3 for $25 wickr us at cloverbros13.
coke, xanax, meth, mdma, lsd ketamine, oxy, percs, molly and alot more if i don't have i can hook you up with another legit supplier and please don't contact me if you don't trust me.
these clowns that claim to be the savior and messiah to the sick by supplying them medical grade for there illness and crank up the price are fucking maggots not all but there's a lot.
top quality always available min delivery 3g pick up available simple, no fuss, cash contact eastside420 on wickr for prices more info delivery weed 420 green kush eastern suburbs melb.
comes with fuel starting equiptment rc controller and original boxes has really only been used as a desplay item in lounge room but when run in its a race ready 1 10 nitro very very fast.
420 nice buds footscray pickup only $ $ only service $ $ $50 3.5 $80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag always on weight always whats advertised wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
go hard or go home last for longer and even go again over and over msg on wickr meticulousone instant shade marquees offers best folding marquees in melbourne, sydney and across australia.
so much bull shit and miss information about product anyone with a good attitude is going to love it happy to pass on in info and experience have in two forms wik only bboynth can deliver.
any one looking for some custom pips and waterpips we do blown pips for your convenience starting at $30 for standard blown curved and $50 for water pips, water pips will change your life.
samkingsley87 we got weed strains like; og kush sourl diesel nyc diesel white widow granddaddy purple hindu kush blue chease blueberry haze cinderella 99 hit me on our wickr id for orders.
wickr weedguy420 menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text wickr.
emerald green real delivery 24 7 cannabis marijuana quality prestige 100 organic non gmo blue haze, skywalker og, blue midnight, electric kool aide and more flowers available fresh flowers!
wickr weedguy420 menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herder sour diesel download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text wickr.
i only have 35 left and i am selling fast if you are after any don't mess about you either do or you don't at first sign of a fuckaround i will move on to the next customer wickr floppycaps.
dealers wouldn't dare try and jack up dope prices like here its considered an insult, price fluctuation does happen but its hardly noticeable, its the harder drugs, they are whats expensive.
safety tips prohibited items product recalls avoiding scams best deal for the week top legit suppliers world deliveries all state in au kush dabs wax seeds oz at $400 and get a half for free.
420 molly crystals roxy's addys heroine study aids green percs perks xanax oxicodone xanni dogfood buns skywalker special k pain pills 30s blues m30 actavis syrup hem oil pure cannabis extract.
hey people i've goy the shardz that i guarantee you will be coming back for more look where no fuck around no hassel and i swap cold for goods any amount available wickr: tyson73 cold coke 420.
text me on 0403754532 to arrange a deal prices negotiable the witcher 3: wild hunt $35 driveclub $15 watchdogs $20 mad max $40 little big planet 3 $10 destiny legendary edition $40 nba2k15 $15.
wickr southyarra bubblegum kush hey there once again, just got in the ever so famous bubblegum kush in, it is currently 5pm thurday so get in quick and place orders asap, so i can write you in.
it has electronic brake force distribution ebd it has brake assist, heads up information display, cargo tie down hooks rings, front rear power windows, starter button and front parking sensors.
other party needs also available please contact to enquire, its a fresh batch just in this morning, its just like it was early 2000's, $50 $250 $400 $500 the weekends coming lets get organised.
have your party, cold or p n p supplies top shelf quality good prices you wont be disappointed, easy and drama free can send number and i will text u details back or wickr me id is latcheylatch.
1 x puff $60 2 x puffs $100 3 x puffs $150 5 x puffs $230 sweet puff pipes $50 no odour, no chemical taste, no black pipe, great plume, long lasting burns that will have you going into the week.
420 for sale northern suburbs nice smelling buds won't b disappointed no western union face to face meets q 80 half 160 bag 280 bigger amounts available contact me through wickr only gotdagreen.
420 hydro nice buds footscray pickup only service 9am late $ $ only face to face no scams $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker honest,discreet service.
we are focused on providing medical marijuana services with the highest levels of customer satisfaction at best prices.our medical strains are good with high percentage of indica and sativa level.
fully refurbished as new australian made furphy kangaroo stove company slow combustion homestead cooker you can use wood only, or electricity or a mixture of wood and electricity at the same time!
alto flute pearl pfa 206 in excellent condition all pads are great corks, mechanism, action and springs are all great i have barely played it my main instrument is sax must sell i am going o seas.
cheers p james hey there, i'm leo, 18yo and would love for you to enjoy my used underwear i'm happy to do anal pops $30 meet ups will be $100 looking forward to meeting you wanted nangs or nos tank.
i am looking for a new supply who has quality weed and can deliver to the following address: travancore, vic 3032 which is 5 minutes away from cbd hit me up if you've got the greens and can deliver.
wickr lockieeee or my number is 0420406731 cheers indoor and outdoor grown medical marijuana strains,indica or sativa,thc,cbd,wax,buds,shatter,ear wax,budder,rso,bho,co2 ho,710,hash,brownies,edibles.
sabum hans enyong 125 akna rd douala littoral cameroon remember punters, if you send money via moneygram, you have just donated to these scum niggers there are no drugs and there will be no delivery.
will pay full price and in need immediately 30 or 40 mg capsules please contact me if you are able to get your hands on some and are happy to sell it thanks get back to me pick and and pay in person.
quality cold available for collection or delivery note delivery is only available to inner n w suburbs weighed so you get what you're paying for one for 50 two for 100 three for 150 wickr eyedeals85.
i was chatting to some people and one of you we exchanged pics the other said to me looking for a reliable good supply i said arnt we all eaz etc i acted password so wickr is r8rapter or tex or email.
heinsley wickr id vivienne westwood oroton 2 pairs of alex perry all brand new never been worn got over excited on a recsent holiday and these i have to let go the price range for these are $200 $400.
good quility with affordable price free and fast delivery with 5 higher free delivery if within 10mins of my current location now and get rolling in less a blinks my location is always on the move soo.
fairly used heckler koch vp40 still in its perfect condition caliber 40 s w; capacity 13 rounds optional 10 round magazines overall length 7.34 barrel length 4.09 width 1.32 height 5.45 weight 26.56 oz.
$10 each or $80 for a sheet buy a sheet and they'll be delivered anywhere in melbourne free of charge, if you're buying less we'll discuss a small fee based on the amount and distance wickr: batontoes2.
all strains are available hello 420 pot farmers i've gat medical cannabis with caregivers for patients, we provide good assistance in the form of counselling and we also go as far as to provid wickr id.
420 hydro nice frosty buds pickup only footscray $ $ only service face to no bullshit honest reliable,on weight $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
legitstore safety tips prohibited items product recalls avoiding scams best deal for the week top legit suppliers world deliveries all state in au kush dabs wax seeds oz at $400 and get a half for free.
our service is 2nd to none, discreet and safety assured, 100 product guaranteed replacement not that we expect you to require this as our cold meat packs stack up as the best meat around for a long time.
masterpills247 ready to supply all strains desired by my humble clients.contact wickr masterpills247 strains sativa sour diesel, purple,widow, green,coke, pineapple,xanax,hydrocodine, adis contact wickr.
after some quality 420 strains, looking for oz qp msg me via wickr kosherkush1 please don't bother msging me if you got asian stuff you are wasting your time and mine also f2f meet ups, no money gram bs.
near new absolutely immaculate condition holden racing team torana brock has only been used twice and there is not a mark or scratch on it as its a peter brock model could also be a valuable collectable.
420 hydro nice buds footscray pickup only $ $ only service $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late always on weight pictures are exactly whats for sale smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
big problem some of the dickhead dealers are making the weed seen dirty, its getting treated like the powder seen, eg: scamming, underweight, all looks good but has no punch, overpaying, over exagerating.
medical cannabis will be in full swing soon, the supply side is ramping up before we start seeing more dispensaries opening up and australia is set to become the largest grower in the southern hemisphere.
we use various fake return addresses, and our packages blend in with all the other mail.we have been operating for a few years and we have never once had a client get arrested or have any police problems.
we use various fake return addresses, and our packages blend in with all the other mail.we have been operating for a few years and we have never once had a client get arrested or have any police problems.
menu girls scout cookies larry og og kush grand daddy purple lemon haze jack herer sour diesel mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
.1 $50 5 $250 1g $350 1.7g $560 3.5g $800 only message me if you know what you want and you're ready with $$'s zero 4 five 6 eight 6 three 7 eight 1 schmooworld for wickr text or wickr me now: schmooworld.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on wickr id.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on wickr id.
'trust auscision for precision' auscision prides itself on attention to detail the large range of variants are not just simple repaints, but contain the many subtle changes that have occurred in real life.
'trust auscision for precision' auscision prides itself on attention to detail the large range of variants are not just simple repaints, but contain the many subtle changes that have occurred in real life.
the brand new variable collection of mitsubishi manufactured split air conditioners for homes, commercial offices industries are available for sale at reasonable cost with advanced technology and features.
after failed attempts to cop legitimate hot, am looking for tradie or expert that contacted me last time with proper cw who knows their way around a hammer, and can provide directions to the local bunnings.
nice product clean easy 65pt 5 250 10 425 friendly genuine service have exactly correct money driver won't have change best in melbourne no time wasters can deliver depending on location wicker: thegoodgood.
will fit: can am maverick 1000 2012 2014 can am maverick 4 1000 2013 2014 6 can am maverick lift kit this kit comes complete with heavy duty rhino brand axles as well as high clearance front and rear a arms.
when payment is cleared monday friday before 1600 a.e.s.t 4pm saturday before 1200 a.e.s.t 12pm shippingdelivery free express postage next business day delivery via auspost wtracking provided australia wide.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id.
420 nice buds footscray pickup only $ $ only service 9am late no bullshit money gram scammer rubbish honest on weight reliable $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
localconnect1 medical marijuana and coke available,contact for more details for fast delivery wickr 100 quality health keep local delivery marijuana weed kush coke prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
payment by paypal only so you can enjoy full paypal buyer protection see the paypal site for details we will send you a paypal invoice to make your payment as soon as we receive your purchase request by email.
payment by paypal only so you can enjoy full paypal buyer protection see the paypal site for details we will send you a paypal invoice to make your payment as soon as we receive your purchase request by email.
payment by paypal only so you can enjoy full paypal buyer protection see the paypal site for details we will send you a paypal invoice to make your payment as soon as we receive your purchase request by email.
: i will pay full price and prefer to meet up in person and exchange i'm not dodgy i just want a genuine swap and to make it a regular exchange if all goes well please get back to me i appriciate the help thnx.
we offer what's called the extended plant count that is you can get a recommendation from the doctor to grow 24 plants and 24 ounces for your own personal medical use so you can make edibles oils and tinctures.
type of language used in his ads that often go up targeting weekend chippers and partyppl: as these ppl can change their wickr but aint smart enough to change language: cold made fresh real prices real service.
you require wickr: teampuffmelb amazing cloud, finest since 2012 2 for 120 3 for 150 5 for $200 10 for 350 17 for $450 new clients nothing over hg for your first order unless your prepared to show me your badge.
then you're in the right place to get the right stuff on the right price at the time you need delivered to you or you can come and pick it up whatever is in your convenience wickr noworriesxxmate min 2 100 5 250.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery is guaranteed to your location.
cold packs big amount in stock fresh made.the real cold days just got colder i can travel to you 24 7 min travel $300 worth and up prices do not reflect on qulity wicker tangie71 txt 0449081945 all day all night.
comes with everything needed and is in new condition with all original boxes will consider swap for cold and cash or mary and cold half g cold n q of mary wicker: coburgconnect or send me message with your offer.
or both double ovens and grillers and hot plates you can use either solid fuel or electric heats your domestic water supply wood in winter swap to electric in summer if you want now you dont have to have 2 stoves.
6 beautiful desks of different sizes with swivel chairs large meeting table with 4 chairs small cabinet large cabinet refrigerator and microwave etc located in carlton please contact by phone for more information.
100 quality masterpills and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420 $300 melbourne more ads by this user hello, wickr masterpills247 medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
kushoxy30mg,roxy30mg $ get$$high$$ pain medication valiu oxy30mg,roxy30mg xan2mg add vics no.rcs pro methcough syrup with co deine 10mg opan download wickr from your play store or app store and contact me wickr id.
kushoxy30mg,roxy30mg $ get$$high$$ pain medication valiu oxy30mg,roxy30mg xan2mg add vics no.rcs pro methcough syrup with co deine 10mg opan download wickr from your play store or app store and contact me wickr id.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact us for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery is guaranteed to your location.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact us for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery is guaranteed to your location.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact us for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery is guaranteed to your location.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact us for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery is guaranteed to your location.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact us for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery is guaranteed to your location.
then press the index finger to spray the infested area spray one time if your symptom is light, and two time if the symptom is serious rub gently with your hand, avoid spraying to much or drug will run down your arm.
got a bag of approx 73 g in it available for pick up greensborough watsonia area, nice smoke buds are a little smaller than usual, hence why i'm selling it cheap at $700 no offers as its a very fair price, 0474028002.
prices: 3.5 $50, 7 $90, 14 $170wickr: mailordermaryemail: ph: 0481822365 or this jingle: oh four eight one eight, two two's and 365 days in a yearpickup: pickup is in elwood near the ormond rd glen huntly round about.
used men's jocks for men interested used $50 used and cum stained $70 used cum stained and delivered while u watch me drop my load in them $100 please no time wasters only message if interested can deliver if need be.
anytime anywhere raw cold ice top quality no stuff arounds 200 half g 350 a g feel free and welcome, you do right by us and we'll always do right by you no doubt about that so feel free to email me and get this sorted.
420 nice buds footscray hydro pickup only service footscray $ $ only service no change given $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late discreet,reliable service contact smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
it will be everywhere more readily available, the fancy name bullshit wont apply to shit, it will be something like similar or same family or traces of or a type of or wet you get the idea and the expectation will lift.
the market will be flooded even though it becomes medically legal and controlled, adversely the black market will boom, it will become the buyers market, you'll be scratching for turnover if you don't sharpen your pencil.
in stock now are supper top shelf medical kush, pain relief pills and alot more with refined ccookkee at discount prizes mates and dudes dont be the last to taste the quality stuff at your locality with or without script.
in stock now are supper top shelf medical kush, pain relief pills and alot more with refined ccookkee at discount prizes mates and dudes dont be the last to taste the quality stuff at your locality with or without script.
$20ea 3 $50 7 $90 14 $160 28 $280 contact via wickr app https: www.wickr.com wickr id is: w3280needs420' got the koots charlie is back in town no window shoppers no fuck arounds prices: 1 2g $160 1g $300 wickr: handymann.
in stock now are supper top shelf medical kush, pain relief pills and alot more with refined ccookkee at discount prizes mates and dudes dont be the last to taste the quality stuff at your locality with or without script.
in stock now are supper top shelf medical kush, pain relief pills and alot more with refined ccookkee at discount prizes mates and dudes dont be the last to taste the quality stuff at your locality with or without script.
in stock now are supper top shelf medical kush, pain relief pills and alot more with refined ccookkee at discount prizes mates and dudes dont be the last to taste the quality stuff at your locality with or without script.
in stock now are supper top shelf medical kush, pain relief pills and alot more with refined ccookkee at discount prizes mates and dudes dont be the last to taste the quality stuff at your locality with or without script.
hey fam got some great 420 here and back to regular pick up prices 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 pick ups in preston if you would like deliveey tonorrow please book in tonight with time location and price wickr us at cloverbros13.
automatic, low km 140000, rego roadworthy, just serviced, woman driver, only driven in and around town, priced to sell quick, perfect car for learners or students, pleasure to drive, cheap on fuel, car is much loved by all.
am a grower and i got a variety of top grade medical mmj strains, overcome your lost of appetite,migraine headaches,insomnia, chronic pains,digestive disorders,anxiety disorders,stress i may be the plug you been looking for.
hello people im a legit supplier only do face to face transactions i got very very good cold i guarantee it will blow you away but come down try before you buy any amount and i do swap cold just wickr me theboss187 cold 420.
just got in a new line of fluffy socks to keep you warm this winter so don't be attacked by the wind any longer and fill up your sock drawer try your size before you buy delivery melbourne wide email me wikkr: lifebelowzero.
so much bull shit and miss information about product anyone with a good attitude is going to love it happy to pass on in info and experience have in two forms bboynth wiker only plz dont email can deliver open to trade ideas.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id kushsupplier705 available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
if you are after quality look no further have available and can get coke speed g by request only get top quality so remeber the name and contact via wickr isfrezzingcold we always look after the customer and welcome feedback.
ice cold afternoon 50$ each per point always quick and reliable with near instant response with no bullshit and lies cash or swaps only got anything you wanna trade don't hesitate to ask contact via wickr shown in image above.
high quality mdma imported from holland 0.2 per cap $25ea cap cash only add me on wikir: puffdadragon pickup only fitzroy available till late only contact me through wikir, i will not reply to emails long weekend is still going.
local1 girl scout cookies, sour diesel green crack, grand daddy purple, og kush, dark ganja, ak47, red majic, mango kush, banana kus, purple haze, orange kush, russian kush, blueberry bud, purple urkle, white widow and headband.
heres my price list 1 $80 3 $200 5 $275 7 $350 1g $450 keep in mind we are not in melb therefore if your mate can go to melb and get it cheaper then congrats and piss off, im here for those who cant go to melb with good quality.
morning if your reading this iv had a busy night making a lot of people happy i got some yummy well grown nugs anyway fuck it call a sicky and spend your money and some clean non pharmicated medicine grown from the earth itself.
our mission is to supply the most natural and powerful top quality grade a medical marijuana strains to wholesale customers and retail stores as well as to satisfy customers and with a friendly and discrete service for everyone.
5 110 10 200 20 380 50 850 ket 0.2 50 0.5 120 1 220 pickup in hawthorn or can usually deliver delivery fee depends on distance and order size all deals done in person with cash only please add me on wickr to discuss: bakeryfresh.
vavailable pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id weedmesiah19.
to agree with recent ads about scammers, i had a similar interaction with theheist45 coldrockz etc and various other wickr names in the cbd preston coburg knox area with the key being he drives a light blue green nissan eg pulsar.
i have multiple grade a strains award winning strains, i also have concentrates with thc levels too 23 58 forum cut buds, and concentrations as high as 99 i am mainly located in the denver area frequently or abroad internationally.
when contacting you automatically refuse any claims of beign a cop or fda.legal pursuit might follow in case of a bridge of contract.thanks for understanding for cops and fda only feel free to place your orders if otherwise contact.
message me for details i have great prices and will garrentee all round satisfaction pick up and deliver wickr whitewiddow3 for pick up message drpot for drop off hasty honest reliable services with the intention of repeat business.
dutch haze afghan kushoxy30mg,roxy30mg $ get$$high$$ pain medication valiu oxy30mg,roxy30mg xan2mg add vics no.rcs pro methcough syrup with co deine 10mg opan download wickr from your play store or app store and contact me wickr id.
legit ice no bullshit cutters fk arounds 50$ per point quick honest reliable and consistent all goods and items considered for pick up only in preston just msg me via wickr displayed in image above quick response times no fk arounds.
1972 el camino zz4 crate engine 4 speed ss tribute the last of the true el caminos fresh on frame restoration in the original silver zz4 350 crate engine with muncie 4 speed power steering brakes, bucket seats southern california car.
the beta switch is the only complete weight loss lifestyle for women, that specifically switches on the fat burning power of your most stubborn female trouble spots, without restricting your favorite foods or doing excessive exercise.
our technicians perform work for the mod bands and professionals based in the london area, so you can be assured the tenor horn has been prepared to a high standard and you are unlikely to require any further work for a while to come.
quite possibly the most awarded strain around, jack herer it is well known for both its cerebral high as well as its very strong body high.organic romulan mainly indica powerful and therapeutic a favourite of the west coast and myself.
cast with the patented marble based composite and designed specifically to enhance the elements inside it, it is not simply an asthetic visual element, but one of the leading reasons why the sum of the speaker is bigger than its parts.
61 0421550385 i do great deals for costumers that are looking to get something big the words of my mouth and the meditation for my pains of my life be pleasing in the your sight got a bunch of consistent customers coming back and forth.
melbourne quality masterpills local delivery marijuana weed kush coke 1 of 3 image 1image 2image 3 more ads by this user melbourne quality masterpills local delivery marijuana weed kush coke prompt deliveries marijuana is not dangerous!
hey guys sorry been busy q's are back for delivery add me on wickr: jesse2020 cash only face to face wednesday thursday all day drops friday 12 5pm i will be at cbd weekend i should be doing drops unless i get stuck out and about again.
wickr southyarra just got in very high grade quaters only $120 e pick up only south yarra wickr only get in quick jack herer is a sativa dominant sativa indica hybrid of cannabis known for both its cerebral high and its strong body high.
party hard n get loose wickr toolow4five0 digitz 0412515976 if your wanting to go allout this week or party like a rockstarr you've come to the right place, no attention seekers,if you don't make sense,your getting in the way of dollars.
party hard n get loose wickr toolow4five0 digitz 0412515976 if your wanting to go allout this week or party like a rockstarr you've come to the right place, no attention seekers,if you don't make sense,your getting in the way of dollars.
we are the ones who have the real exotics girl scout cookie kush bud cannabis marijuana trees 420 bud weed trees grass kush haze afghan kush dab oil hash herbs marijuana mary jane m j herbs cannabis pot sour diesel contact us via wickrid.
the bee is busy and ready to help out no fuckarounds ill give you timestamped pictures and no blurry nug pics ill do the best i can to display specifically what you'll be getting 15g 90q 170hb bigger amounts negotiable wickr bumblebee420.
$90ea 5 for $400 regular ox'contin op's 80mg 5 for $300 10 for $550 box 28 $1300 morphine hcl solution sealed 200ml bottle 10mg ml 2000mg $800 only $0.40 per mg dexies $550 for bottle 100 lorazepam ativan 2.5mg better than alpraz i reckon.
drug side effects may include inflamed very seldom vietnam body odor heirloom spray: use one time timelife effect there are many ways to treat bad body odor, e.g you can use deodorant products or traditional therapy to treat underarm odor.
best gear in melb best prices all of my clients are very happy its discreet and reliable service looking for regular customers so ill do everything i can to keep you happy if you give it a go u wont go elswhere add me on wikr marijuanaweed.
looking for fellow weed smoker whos in early 20s im clean will always have the cash up and i have all my own furniture looking for a apartmemt i have great weed connects so we would never go without and lots of variety my numbers 0478710684.
hey cl wassup i got some fire bundles going for sell right now got a bunch of consistent customers coming back forth i do great deals for costumers that are looking to get something big if interested i also have a good amount of w e e d bud.
sour diesel, blueberry, bubba kush, granddady kush, scout girl cookies, feminines we do supply the best quality of medical marijuana and also have in stock the following hybrids indica and sativa strains,oil wax and also seeds for treatment.
sour diesel, blueberry, bubba kush, granddady kush, scout girl cookies, feminines we do supply the best quality of medical marijuana and also have in stock the following hybrids indica and sativa strains,oil wax and also seeds for treatment.
kush mobile delivery available for delivery no rec no delivery fee medical cannabis sold at medical dispensaries lab tested private reserve aa grade top shelf indica sativa hybrikies, tahoe and, sfv og, green crack contact wickr contact wickr.
best stuff going around so far so if anyones keen give me a wickr on weed42000 and will get back to you asap wickr is weed42000 1g: 20 2g: 40 3g: 60 q: 100 half: 180 o: 350 extra for delivery in northen suburbs pending on where i got to drive.
hey i have some amazing buds great stuff message me here or on my wickr buimellow i reply quick i will be selling today and tomorrow or untill its gone ahahhahahahah be quick as it s nice stuff anyother questions messge me i can get most dru9s.
obviously theheist45 coldrockz partyconect will change his wickr but look for the above elements incl pic think if the guy from prison break got aids in jail this is what he looks like and use one of the many other legit slingers on the c:list.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain reliefin downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id aussie stoner text me on wickr id.
hey guys got some awesome 420 here for pick up at a good price 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 got over 96 percent pure nolly here is great 1 pt $25 half gram $125 gram $250 pick up preston until late and then back early morning wickr us at cloverbros13.
fully optioned with all factory fitted options including: electric glass sunroof, rear folding seats, harmon kardon sound system, reversing camera, front rear parking sensors, navigation, factory window tints,18 inch genuine amg wheels and more.
$100 telstra prepaid mobile credit me2u this telstra prepaid credit can be used for telstra prepaid mobile, mobile foxtel also can use for telstra prepaid usb modem ebay have removed our and other seller listings for telstra prepaid credit me2u.
all inquiries are welcome at:to place an order please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds wickr i live in melbourne cbd need someone to supply me tonight.
sharing the signature e lon shape with estelon xa and estelon x diamond, it is a speaker designed for smaller listening rooms while keeping the hallmark of estelon loudspeakers the wide imaging, deep sound staging and thrilling life like dynamics.
you may be the person i'm looking for looking to start up a business that if someone was kind enough to tick to get me rollin again would be very gracious please get back to me willing to get shipped if tick is available so i know i can trust you.
good quility with affordable price min 2 2 100 3 150: 5 250 free and fast delivery with 5 higher free delivery if within 10mins of my current location wickr noworriesxxmate now and get rolling in less a blinks my location is always on the move soo.
joneswills meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd.
420 delievered for extra fee depending where always available day or night best pure molly from overseas limited time you love everyone on it and no comedown cap $25 gram $250 k aswell sometimes $220 gram or 50 bags contact only on wickr gimmmmeeee.
hey if you need a new long term reliable source of supplier and always top quality with reasonable negotiable prices, well here i have some of the most unbelievably mad gear like back in the day, with a dynamite rush and no bad chemical taste at all.
420 nice buds hydro pickup only foootscray 9am late $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service smoko71 or rolly420smoker honest, reliable always on weight or over 420 hydro nice frosty buds 420 pickup only service footscray $$cash$ only!
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty freezer frozen anywhere you need just don't mess around message me via wickr jbuddy1209 if you need other i can help no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service and loyalty mme.
have very high quality old school cold crystal ware sold by dot 80 have half g brand 300 full g style 500 might seem pricey although have n0 complaints only happy customers enquire for particular item, what's required and how many you wish to purchase.
hi everyone looking for 420 in half p to start and full p on a regular basis not after any time wasters or any crappy strains only good decent quality bud please call 0415476277 or wicker i'd arrow31 if you need anything call or wicker for 7 14 28 3 1.
shard420 meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine norcos xanax mdma lsd order via wickr.
back at it again with those tasty nugs i like happy customers if your reading this and want a simple reliable source that actually cares about what you smoke always clean always fresh always best price hit me up and ill tell you more wickr whitewoddow3.
24 7 delivery free medical cannabis weed marijuana flowers buds trees green smoke indica sativa hybrid hash wax trim shake greenhouse indoor outdoor mota pure weed dank smelly products kosher non gmo fantasy flowers free gram for senior and ladies only.
made in italy 100 cotton warm machine wash slimming fit casual design we have the following stock available: colour: white sizes: 1pc l, 1pc xl, 1pc xxl colour: black sizes: 4pcs l, 5pcs xl, 4pcs xxl payment paypal preferred p h; time same business day.
he's got brown hair, in his 30's, usually wearing shorts and has old looking scabs on his legs and very very slightly in his face mostly nose he sells shard but also sells snortable smoke able speed but he's selling salt to people once he draws them in.
jbuddy1209 has the goods today but is willing to let you buy the best around melbourne give him a message on that normal app called wickr you download from app store if not text him or email for a driver to be at your door if your sick of messing around.
it's still being driven sorry, for safety reasons, i don't respond to texting this corvette has a new 350 engine, automatic 3 speed transmission posi traction rear end it also has a retro corvette style late model stereo system with a six pack cd player.
wickr southyarra bubblegum kush hey there once again, just got in the ever so famous bubblegum kush in, it is currently 1am friday morning and knowing this strain it won't last till 5pm tonight so get in quick and place orders asap, so i can write you in.
get a puff good quility with affordable price and most likely will be delivered in a flash min 2 2 100 3 150: 5 250 free delivery if within 10mins of my current location wickr noworriesxxmate wickr now and get rolling my location is always on the move soo.
hi i am selling roor 14.5mm bong rasta 500ml glass billie 37 cm tall great condition hardly used also ssv silver surfer vaporizer also great condition and awsome device to use sad to get rid of but am in need of $$ if interested msg me wikr id wherezwolly.
joneswills meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact.
1x magic flight launch box unit 1x mflb tin 2x rechargeable mflb glyph batteries 2x protective battery caps 1x nimh aa battery charger 1x magic flight cleaning brush 1x battery push back ring 1x glass draw stem 1x au plug adaptor what i'm offering for $90.
one last thing to all these wankers, discrete means discrete why bring an other level of bullshit to the table that says i'm fucking paranoid as because i'm carrying around other seedy shit, thats fine but dont put your paranoia bullshit on me the customer.
kushsupplier705 pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker medical marijuana cannabis and more sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
a unique fea optimized underhung motor design with vented aluminium voice coil former and double neodymium magnet guarantees low energy storage, excellent heat transfer and high excursion capability for low power compression and ultra low distortion around.
face to face meets no bullshit or hassles.weed you get is exactly as in pics!frosted as fuck sticky and stanky.don't send me messages asking price or asking bizarre questions all the info in this ad.weed4cash.simple.i stand by my product its the bomb.wickr.
kit includes: all new high clearance a arms rear arms are offset 1.5 4 complete axles with a 1 year warranty clears 34 tires heavy duty z bend tie rods full camber adjustability lifetime warranty on a arms all necessary hardware and installation instructions.
buddeal meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd order via wickr.
cullen78 meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd order via wickr.
we have got the following strains of weeds to help you in many ways such as; to get high, for gastrointestinal disorders, for dystonia, diabetes mellitus, cancer, gliomas brain tumour chronic pains, depression, digestive disorders, fibromyoglia, and more others.
cullen78 meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd order via wickr.
hallucinogens lsd acid trips mushies ecstasy es xtc eccies pills bickies methylenedioxymethamphetamine mdma cocaine coke freebase crack charlie c rock heroin hammer h smack horse white cannabis mull pot weed leaf gunga marijuana what is the aim of doctorstrange5?
an oral third generation cephalosporin with power of parenteral cephalosporins well documented for use in gram positive bacterial infections considered as an alternative for amoxycillin in typhoid outbreak useful as step down theraphy in parenteral cephalosporins.
doctorkush1 meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd order via wickr.
i can't believe how loosely the medical' term is used, most of the good gear described qualifies as medical grade overseas here the word medical is the trigger to bump up the price, or they stick a name on it, this gear here is considered just average shit overseas.
guaranteed quality if you would prefer it in other forms please let me know and i'll be happy to work something out prices will rise soon as demand is high hitusup wikr mocdoc free delivery for 10 or more locations cbd brunswick ascot vale flemington western suburbs.
top quality 420 for pick up or delivery burwood location but can travel contacts eastside420 on wickr for prices more info 420 nice hydro 420 hydro pickup only $$$only,no change $50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service 9am late smoko71 or rolly420smoker.
budhouse ongoing promotion, order now and don't be late availabilities;green, weed, cannabis oil, shard, mdma, heroin, coke,cocainee, ketamine, edibles,kush,adderall,oxycontin, oxcodone, xanax, percocet, lsd, dmt, black tar, molly, percocet, ritalin crystals and more.
cannabis cup 2014 winner cookies platinum og indica cannabis cup 2015 winner kosher kush indica private reserve gas og sativa private reserve gorilla jack hybrid private reserve fire green crack sativa cannabis cup 2015 winner wellness og hybrid all strains lab tested.
prices are set no hagling.if you dont like the price go else ware qulity and great prices.first time craigslist use no flogs wickr nogameso quick response contact via wickr email might be not be checked for up to a hour.big amounts $600 and over i will travel any ware.
joneswills master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id joneswills available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd.
1 x puff $60 2 x puffs $100 3 x puffs $150 5 x puffs $230 sweet puff pipes $50 no odour, no chemical taste, no black pipe, great plume, long lasting burns that will have you going into the week we can arrange delivery for at an added cost dependent on location and time.
molly is dutch, k is indian please add me on wickr to discuss bakeryfresh caps 1 25 5 110 10 200 20 380 50 850 ket 0.2g 50 0.5g 120 1g 220 pickup in hawthorn or can usually deliver delivery fee depends on distance and order size all deals done in person no moneygram bs.
a, i have rocks or 95 100mg caps: 1 point 1 cap for $25 half g 5 caps for $110 1g 10 caps for $200 everything i sell comes from reliable vendors from the darknet so you're guaranteed to get what you pay for face to face cash, pickup only from blackburn forest hill area.
$20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 90 pick up only sydenham 0487243147 will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5 wicker id tosspot89 tosspot89.
it's friday yet again boys and girls time to get those eyes popping and those clouds a twirling just reloaded and it's top shelf smooth drawing in and puddles last for days wicker sebangercold delivery available t c; applied and don't forget gents twirls gets the girls.
legitstore ongoing promotion, order now and don't be late availabilities;green, weed, cannabis oil, shard, mdma, heroin, coke,cocainee, ketamine, edibles,kush,adderall,oxycontin, oxcodone, xanax, percocet, lsd, dmt, black tar, molly, percocet, ritalin crystals and more.
you will never get anywhere in any business or venture if you cant manage your time and i dont give a fuck if you have a 20 drop offs, firstly i dont want to know what goes on in your business and dont be a dickhead exposing your activity to me to justify your downfalls.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact.
jordankush all flowers are mold and pest free grown with all organic products top shelf cannabis oil cannabis wax sfv og matser kush pre 98 bubba white russian og bubba white widow pineapple express sour diesel top pain med oxy roxy cocaine ketamine adderall xanax wickr.
improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple contact wickr.
get ready people the tide is turning, i understand everybody has to make money and profit that's a given but these dealers overcharging have to realize that those people that they dealt with and took advantage of on their way up, will be the same people on their way down.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine wickr id.
nickdam master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id nickdam available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd wickr id.
white widow green crack: grade: aa sour diesel grade: a top shelf grand daddy purple grade: a sensi star x ak47 grade: aaa afghan kush grade: a northern lights 5 grade: a lemon drop: grade: a purple kush: grade:a top shelf og kush grade:a top shelf purple urkle: grade: a.
nickdam master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id nickdam available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd wickr id.
localconnect1 we also have the following pills xanax,adderals,roxy30mg,norco,mioll please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds download wickr from app store and text me via wickr id.
2x archive boxes with various craft including: big shot sissix roller machine with flower leaf stencils friskars shape cutter unopened friskars cutting board friskars stencils x2 mixed felt pieces rolls of ribbon unused mixed buttons, beads, sequins bead tray pick up only.
contact me one wickr antiks i have alot of cold on me and i need items so offer me what u have and can do a amazing deal just ask im in need of iphones or laptops or others just ask and ill do u a amazing deal you can try stuff before we make the deal or selling ps for $40.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id.
the mid bass unit, developed by accuton, is a sophisticated design with special attention paid to the titanium voice coil former and the surrounding air gap to provide maximum freedom from dynamic compression in conjunction with the use of a special ultra stiff ceramic dome.
hey guys got some really nice 420 and mdma very pure no come down for pick up in preston or afternoon delivery pick up prices for green are 3.5 $50 7 $80 14 $160 our molly prices are 1 pt $25 half gram $125 gram $250 delivery will be $20 wickr app only wickr id cloverbros13.
rocks to make the chicks frof cocks p prefer local to the western suburbs but can travel outside my comfort zone for the right price amount message me on wikr with amount and location and i'll reply swiftly and promptly guaranteed you'll be returning customers wikr:b3l0wz3r0.
best quality in melbourne cold available for pickup and delivery to nearby north west subs download the wickr app from the store and contact wickr id localchemist or contact 0426993182 no private calls answered price non negotiable 1:60 2:100 hg:250 g:450 cod cash on delivery.
hey are you tired of suffering from pain cancer,depression,over weight,chronic pain,arthritis,anxiety, insomnia and you need to burn some good weed or kush at 420 and cannabis oil for the effective cure of your cancer and many more don't worry contact me on wickr at markdorney.
auscision ho wrc 1 features: walker number 86rm 280 hp walker railcar painted blue silver with gold winged logo on the nose single beam headlights double doors on power unit about auscision: auscision models produce some of the highest quality ho scale model trains in the world.
driclad golf bag protector new selling in groups of 2 only a bargain price protect golf bag and clubs from wet weather and general wear and tear heavy duty waterproof pvc yellow bargain price just clear out shed only $6.00 each get golf friends will post or can collect 0457406173.
hook u up with around the city so ma real hommies just give me a short call or text ma number asap and we will meet up and make you whole again more couldn't be listed for some reason but will happily email you list of product and prices thanks $ get$$high$$ pain medication$ kush.
hook u up with around the city so ma real hommies just give me a short call or text ma number asap and we will meet up and make you whole again more couldn't be listed for some reason but will happily email you list of product and prices thanks $ get$$high$$ pain medication$ kush.
local1 888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888 indoor private reserve jet fuel og indoor private reserve super silver haze and many others grown hydroponically with botanicare products all organic flushed for 10 days and cured to perfection min order qp text me now: wickr.
ketamine,5fur 144 dxm powder dmaa 1g benzo fury capsule benzo fury mephedrone methamphetamine amp hitamines, hu 210, 2 fma, cp 47497,2c e, 2c i, 2c d, 2c p, 5 iai, dimethocaine, 2cd 5eto, nrg 1,nrg 2, naphyrone, 4 ho mipt,2c t 2,4 ho dipt, 2c b, rcs 4 for more info msg us on wickr.
ketamine,5fur 144 dxm powder dmaa 1g benzo fury capsule benzo fury mephedrone methamphetamine amp hitamines, hu 210, 2 fma, cp 47497,2c e, 2c i, 2c d, 2c p, 5 iai, dimethocaine, 2cd 5eto, nrg 1,nrg 2, naphyrone, 4 ho mipt,2c t 2,4 ho dipt, 2c b, rcs 4 for more info msg us on wickr.
fuck yeah weekend is a nice flavoury sleep away for my customers keeping people happy 99 of the time fuss free quick honest replies reputation is important and so is quality hit me up for some tasty nugs to bring that weekend home smoothly wickr whitewiddow3 always quick talk soon.
you should have fun relax and forget problems gain confidence socialise out of curiosity as a form of escapism lessen inhibitions remove personal responsibility for decisions celebrate or commiserate relieve boredom and stress self medication to cope with problems go have some fun.
sun420 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id sun420 kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro.
1 oz white widow: $265 1 oz hawaii skunk:$245 1 oz hindu kush: $255 1 oz master kush: $245 1 oz royal purple kush: $260 1 oz super silver haze:$250 1 oz og kush $250 1 oz super skunk $260 1 oz ak 47 $250 1 oz jack herer: $255 1 oz blueberry $260 1 oz black jack $240 1 oz granddaddy.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id steveortiz.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id joneswills.
show contact info sorry, for safety reasons, i will not if you are a selling or marketing service 420 delievered or pickup extra delivery $15 g q $80 anywhere can deliver best molly you'll ever had from overseas, pure and no comedown $25 cap $250 gram contact only by wickr gimmmmeeee.
marijuanaweed white widow grade aa hawaii skunk grade aa hindu kush grade aa super silver haze grade aa real og grade aa super skunk; grade aa ak 47 kush grade aa blueberry kush: grade aaa purple kush grade aa sour diesel: garde aa grape ape garde aa og mango kush garde aa blue dream.
hey i got top, top notch quality cold for sale and it's not just your standard quality or fake sh t that you usually get from craigslist, you will actually get your money's worth also get high and it's going for 60 a p 250 half g and 450 g 650 half ball, so give it a try just email me.
budhouse available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text on wickr.
budhouse available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text on wickr.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id stonerstuffs.
doctorkush1 meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd hormones and steroids order via wickr.
buddeal pineapple express green crack blue dream bubba kush og kush sour diesel super silver haze purple haze white widow organic blackberry organic white widow organic sour an oz goes for $290 place your order now while it last long got good quality cold wickr id: lorenjordan northern.
soulblu brand have gained trust amongst australia and overseas population allowing expansion to main cities as e cigarettes australia supplier: soulblu preston victoria, soulblu melbourne cbd, soulblu bribane cbd coming soon see soulblu electronic cigarettes shop front current locations.
kushsupplier705 master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id kushsupplier705 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd wickr id.
during the mechanical work to discover diagnose the problem, we found out the original owner didn't replace the timing belt at 100000kms as he she should have, and sadly we did not know this until pulling the engine apart and finding out that the original factory belt lasted to 187191kms.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id riana2015.
wickr id passcounter1 eur euro usd us dollar dnr dinar gbp british pound inr indian rupee aud australian dollar cad canadian dollar aed emirati dirham zar rand chf swiss franc cny chinese yuan renminbi myr malaysian ringgit thb thai baht share to: have vals and more send wicker for details.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id methhooker.
localconnect1 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text on wickr.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id doctorkush1.
so folks give it a go, if you email me it'll take 20 40mins till i check it but you will definitely hear back from me within the hour and trust me it's worth the wait and your money just remember: this no rubbish like most sellers on this site and i'm offering you a good price because i can.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id doctorkush1.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id doctorkush1.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id doctorkush1.
if you want quality and someone thats not going to stuff you around then msg me on wikr sexmachine86 pretty consistent with the quality and only want serious buyers not run arounds or headaches msg me for anymore details if intrested in any pot and pans avaiable cheers, contact through wickr id.
5 110 10 200 20 380 50 850 k out of stock right now, taking orders will be good before the weekend 0.2 50 0.5 120 1 220 pickup in hawthorn or can usually deliver delivery fee depends on distance and order size all deals done in person with cash only please add me on wickr to discuss: bakeryfresh.
for sale we have bayer provironum mesterolone 25mg $7 each or $50 for 10 applications include, but are not limited to: exercise beefcake shit smelling like cupid, fucking like ron jeremy growin' that good old fashion papa giuseppe moustache you always wanted regardless of sex wickr: srokkhmerordie.
did you know there has been a 66.8 increase in crime over 2012 2015 related with drugs jeez you people should start setting a good example it onley takes one bad egg to spoil em all it realy is a shit drug how ever its got me hooked an i' got some nice ice blocks sitting in the freezer any one want?
xpressdelivery available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
masterpills247 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
no meeting in buildings or alleys only outside will not give any prescriptions to go in your car and return please only serious customers and know what you want only have what i put up but can maybe get other items text only for prices and imprints willing to travel any where and deliver buddeal wickr.
kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
it's hot around here' and a bit of jerry mcguire show me the money' to which i flashed it and said show me the gear' and with them not agreeing to just wanting the money dont make me get out of the car and show u blah blah' i said i pass' and started to walk away from car park in a suburban supermarket.
flexione11 dianabol methandienone, winstrol stanozolol, anavar oxandrolone, anadrol oxymetholone, proviron, deca nandrolone decanoate, testosterone enanthate, sustanon 250, trenbolone, primobolan, masteron, equipose, npp, nolvadex, clenbuterol, clomid, arimidex, kamagra, hcg and hgh human growth hormone.
flexione11 dianabol methandienone, winstrol stanozolol, anavar oxandrolone, anadrol oxymetholone, proviron, deca nandrolone decanoate, testosterone enanthate, sustanon 250, trenbolone, primobolan, masteron, equipose, npp, nolvadex, clenbuterol, clomid, arimidex, kamagra, hcg and hgh human growth hormone.
let me make that work week easy and a little cloudy hit me up for prices pretty positive your gonna be happy with this and i got it for a week come get mad nugs and a fucking sweet deal as well hit me up whitewiddow3 wickr always constant whitewiddow3 peace out for emediate delivery service message drpot.
pick up only and cash only 0487243147 $20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 80 pick up only sydenham 0487243147 will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5 wicker id tosspot89 tosspot89.
pick up only and cash only 0487243147 $20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 90 pick up only sydenham 0487243147 will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5 wicker id tosspot89 tosspot89.
i've been told i have a delicious scent anything you want me to do in them i can do for you i love the thought of someone indulging on my sweet juices it gets me going too open to any request can do meet up exchanges for extra cost send me a reply id love to here from you i want to buy some ladies knickers!
, wickr legitogsuplier the best retail weed shop in all of the greater seattle area and of our greatstate of australia we have $8 grams, $20 and $25 eighths, $40 and $50 quarters, $70 half ounces, $20 $30 for shatter, edibles starting $10, and $10 pre rolls plus much, much more in ourtacoma dispensary store.
australia legit local connect buddeal coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id buddeal text me on wickr id buddeal available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
all inquiries are welcome at:to place an order please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds wickr hey guys got great 420 here for great pick up prices 3.5$50 7$80 14$160 friendly reliable and fair wickr at cloverbros13.
pains meds actavist og kush molly xanax roxy oxy 420 oxy molly methadone dmt lsd actavist fent patches percs norco og kush purple kush white widow charlie please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds please txt wickr id.
legit local connect xpressdelivery reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id xpressdelivery text me on wickr id xpressdelivery also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id joneswills text me on wickr id joneswills also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr.
all of the aforementioned is unified by alfred's custom crossover, that enables the symbiotic performance of the elements after they are carefully tested the crossover with teflon hybrid capacitors and air core inductors is incased in a separate chamber to protect the crossover components from microphonic effect.
comes with full size roof racks light bar rear spot lights front driving spotties, brand new digital touch screen radio cd player mp4 compatible usb conectivity and rear camera great car that goes very well never done any serious off road work would be interested in swapping for mazda 3 or 6 around the same price.
legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store red in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id legitstore text me on wickr id legitstore available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
hey guys got some really clean molly and sour diesel for pick up all night and early tomorrow sour diesel going very quick pick up prices are 3.5 $50 7 $90 14 $180 mdma is rock form and is very pure at about 96 percent pick up prices 1 pt $25 half gram $125 gram $250 contact via wickr app only wickr id cloverbros13.
buddeal say no to meet up coz i don't wanna involved with cops or dea xanax 2mg percocets 10mg adderall 20 30mg molly,black,white,brown mdma leans,blues 30mg oxy 30mg 4:20 norco 10mg suboxone 8mg,fake id,ssd,nembutal fentanyl lollipops top shelf grade aa cold available se, pick up or delivery available 1p 50 3p 130.
cullen78 master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id cullen78 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd xanax contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id.
wickr id: localcvs no cops or affiliated to any law enforcement are expected here please text your delivery address and your order be precise with what you need, clear english please all my old clients know how it goes from the first deals to the future go straight to the point, i don't have time for too much texting.
pickup is in elwood around the 7 11, roundabout or 90 glen huntly road abouts delivery: none offered at the moment but that's obviously the point of mail order mary so stay tuned email: hit reply wickr: mailordermary mobile: 0481822365 or remember this jingle: oh four eight 1 eight double times 2 and 365 days in a year.
pickup is in elwood around the 7 11, roundabout or 90 glen huntly road abouts delivery: none offered at the moment but that's obviously the point of mail order mary so stay tuned email: hit reply wickr: mailordermary mobile: 0481822365 or remember this jingle: oh four eight 1 eight double times 2 and 365 days in a year.
hey guys selling on behalf of my brother who never got the chance to install this system most of it is still in its packaging touchscreen head unit avh p5750dvd remote control reverse sensor camera 2 x 6' pioneer speckers 2 x pioneer splitters 12 pioneer subwoofer can do swaps also contact via email or wikr sexmachine86.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze pineapple express soul disel wickr me at kushsupplier705 available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id kushsupplier705.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id budhouse text me on wickr id budhouse available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store red in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id legitstore text me on wickr id legitstore available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
melbourne legit local connect budhouse stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id budhouse text me on wickr id budhouse available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
book early for friday delivery and you may qualify for the special custome if u r after a good quality product then look no further all u need to do is send a message via contact below stating your area, what you require and how much u need we will respond and set up a meeting time contact via ph 0412095586 wickr coldcums2u.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store red in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id legitstore text me on wickr id legitstore available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
i feel like i can finally say that my caps are the barra to the koota most pings depending on what state you're currently in lel are rushy uplifting for a solid 2 4 hrs but they don't leave you sad 100 happiness guaranteed wikr me mocdoc no time wasters pls amount suburb time will be fine cheers party safe, don't double drop.
i feel like i can finally say that my caps are the barra to the koota most pings depending on what state you're currently in lel are rushy uplifting for a solid 2 4 hrs but they don't leave you sad 100 happiness guaranteed wikr me mocdoc no time wasters pls amount suburb time will be fine cheers party safe, don't double drop.
permanently quit in only 2 sessions second session reinforces the first entirely remove cravings withdrawals avoid the weight gain trap take the hard work out of quitting cold turkey call the professionals today: 0402317581 located in vermont certified hypnotherapist: iict international institute for complimentary therapists.
a: 1 point for $25 half a gram for $110 1 gram for $200 caps are 95 100mg each, same prices as above tabs are 150ug each, genuine acid 5 for $80 10 for $140 20 for $250 everything i sell comes from reliable vendors on the dnm so you're guaranteed to get what you pay for face to face cash, pickup from blackburn forest hill area.
xanax wanted i will pay cash $$$'s in person, no messing around with moneygram, western union and scammers preferably sealed pfizer bottles but will take kalma bottles also pfizer kalma bottles sealed 2mg xanax $400 cash pfizer kalma bottles sealed 1mg xanax $200 cash bulk imported xanax' $4each brick contact me wickr: chronicd.
kendrickvox007 master dutch haze kandy sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact via wickr id kendrickvox007 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos mdma lsd xanax contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id.
medical marijuana,og,sour diesel,white widow, jack herer,pinaple,blueberry, gsc, master kush, wax,harsh, oil, edibles.also willing to ship out of state to patients looking for personal needs, medication and anyone looking to supply their own medical clients with some top shelf meds,with no cops,no kids,no games,strictly business.
medical marijuana,og,sour diesel,white widow, jack herer,pinaple,blueberry, gsc, master kush, wax,harsh, oil, edibles.also willing to ship out of state to patients looking for personal needs, medication and anyone looking to supply their own medical clients with some top shelf meds,with no cops,no kids,no games,strictly business.
you remember these dealers who are just pushing their profit as they are going to be the same ones fighting for your business and they will try hard to sweeten the sale and realise the high value of the customer big or small you will never find some disrespectful fuck telling you to go somewhere else if you complained or anything.
cure cancer, back pain, sleeping, stress apitite etc top strains avaliable.for sell indica and sativa all strains are avaliable hello 420 pot farmers i've gat medical cannabis with caregivers for patients, we provide good assistance in the form of counseling and we also go far as to provide high quality medicines for all patients.
cure cancer, back pain, sleeping, stress apitite etc top strains avaliable.for sell indica and sativa all strains are avaliable hello 420 pot farmers i've gat medical cannabis with caregivers for patients, we provide good assistance in the form of counseling and we also go far as to provide high quality medicines for all patients.
cure cancer, back pain, sleeping, stress apitite etc top strains avaliable.for sell indica and sativa all strains are avaliable hello 420 pot farmers i've gat medical cannabis with caregivers for patients, we provide good assistance in the form of counseling and we also go far as to provide high quality medicines for all patients.
sour diesel girl scout cookies green crack jack herer sfv og headband fire og white widow super lemon haze bubba kush og kush durban poison tahoe og master kush skywalker og cherry pie blackberry kush trainwreck purple trainwreck pineapple express super silver haze grape ape purple kush purple haze we gat the best strains available.
highway 7 recreational marijuana store wickr legitogsuplier the best retail weed shop in all of the greater seattle area and of australian state, we have $8 grams, $20 and $25 eighths, $40 and $50 quarters, $70 half ounces, $20 $30 for shatter, edibles starting $10, and $10 pre rolls plus much, much more in ourtacoma dispensary store.
our mission is to supply the most natural and powerful top quality grade a marijuana strains to wholesale customers and retail stores as well as to satisfy customers and with a friendly and discrete service for everyone.we do this with a knowledgeable staff that really cares for your needs, and is always available at your convenience.
masterpills247 30$ 8th super high quality aaa grade kush available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text on wickr id.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour named wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id doctorkush1 text me on wickr id also leave a message on the email if i don't respond on wickr e mail kushclinics gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id steveortiz text me on wickr id steveortiz also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr steveortiz yandex dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
i have real top shelf indoor medical marijuana in zip's qp's hp's and units.i only deal with top shelf, high roxys quality cannabis.i am a medical marijuana supplier in usa i am open to work with serous people here norco in kalamazoo and out of state customers.i ship to all the states via ups and fedex.i offer overnight discreet shipping.
i have real top shelf indoor medical marijuana in zip's qp's hp's and units.i only deal with top shelf, high roxys quality cannabis.i am a medical marijuana supplier in usa i am open to work with serous people here norco in kalamazoo and out of state customers.i ship to all the states via ups and fedex.i offer overnight discreet shipping.
we got marijuana edibles: chocolate weed,cookies berries etc cannabis oil and other pain relief loud high stuff here is my top menu: girl scout cookies,sour dieselgreen crack,grand daddy purple,og kush,dark ganja,ak47,red majic,mango kush,banana kus,purple haze,orange kush,russian kush,blueberry bud,purple urkle, white widow and headband.
we got marijuana edibles: chocolate weed,cookies berries etc cannabis oil and other pain relief loud high stuff here is my top menu: girl scout cookies,sour diesel,green crack,grand daddy purple,og kush,dark ganja,ak47,red majic,mango kush,banana kus,purple haze,orange kush,russian kush,blueberry bud,purple urkle, white widow and headband.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour named wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id methhooker text me on wickr id methhooker also leave a message on the email if i don't respond on wickr e mail royalweed420 g mail com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
joneswills meth crystal crissy tina crank speed shards glass ice go whizz dope available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd 420 green peace flower cannabis forever herbs buds delivery high grade medical marijuana for all!
carrington farms organic extra virgin coconut oil, 54 ounce delicious coconut oil, healthy replacement for butter and fat coconut cooking oil is a healthy and great alternative to traditional oils such as vegetable, olive, canola, and corn oil gluten free, non gmo, free of hydrogenated and trans fats, kosher, organic product of the philippines.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id riana2015 text me on wickr id riana2015 also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail jenita3macor gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour named wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id doctorkush1 text me on wickr id doctorkush1 also leave a message on the email if i don't respond on wickr e mail kushclinics gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id doctorkush1 text me on wickr id doctorkush1 also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail kushclinics gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
we are suppliers of the best grade medical marijuana buds,seeds and oils for patients and smokers, we have been cultivating our medical marijuana and extracting its bi products respecting the highest traditional cultivating standards, using the finest ingredients expertly chosen by our master farmers, all over usa, canada, europe,africa and the uk.
sell marijuana,cannabis buds white widow,haze,og kush skunk weed afghan weed,sour diese available for sell high quality medical marijuana cannabis buds white widow,haze,og kush skunk weed afghan weed,sour diesel,purple kush, blueberry kush, blue dream 1 100 legit products 2 delivery quality guaranteed 100 3 express deli contact wickr id, lorlyperl.
fatnugweed we got all top grade of weed but we recommend these to clients indica or sativa strains like og kush,purple kush,blueberry, granddaddy purple,master kush,hash plant,blue dream,black domina,romulan, sour diesel,new purple power,hawaiian sativa,banana kush,arjan's haze 2, malawi gold,kali mist.if u got interest lemme know by contact wickr id.
alexander1000 wickr id alexander1000 also available: glock 17 gen 4, glock 19, glock 40, glock 43, glock 22 gen 3, glock 36 semi automatic pistol, ak47 riffles, akm247c, b west ak47 7.62.39, zastava n pap ak 47 book for a delivery now mmj, units, greenhouse,outdoor, kush,sb420, shatter,bho,full melt, hash,medical marijuana, rosin, contact me via text.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id legitstore a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id legitstore a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id legitstore a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
looking for long burns for the long weekend no probs come and have that best gear in melb its untouched by me straight from the source 2 me to u i stand by my product what u get is what i smoke happy to try before u buy in a clean pip out of the bag any amount cool drop off fee may be charged conditions apply for enquiries contact colduntouched at wickr.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id aussiestoner a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id kushsupplier1 a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id buddeal a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id doctorkush1 text me on wickr id doctorkush1 also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail legitqualitytablets gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id xpressdelivery a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id budhouse a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id budhouse a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id stonerstuffs text me on wickr id stonerstuffs also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail legitqualitytablets gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
friday special for all orders placed by 7am for delivery by 4pm there will be a better price or package if u r after a good quality product then look no further all u need to do is send s message via contact below stating your area, what you require and how much u need we will respond and set up a meeting time contact via ph 0479104630 wickr isfrezzingcold.
highway 7 recreational marijuana store wickr legitogsuplier wickr me legitogsuplier the best retail weed shop in all of the greater seattle area and of washington state, we have $8 grams, $20 and $25 eighths, $40 and $50 quarters, $70 half ounces, $20 $30 for shatter, edibles starting $10, and $10 pre rolls plus much, much more in ourtacoma dispensary store.
all usual refinements briefly comprising of microwave, fridge, oven, mains electric, water heater, cassette toilet, shower, battery charger, blinds, fly screens, door flyscreen, loose fit carpets, blown air heating, tv directional aerial, stereo system, sun roof, large rooflight, spare wheel, alloy wheels, one piece aluminum side panel, hitch head stabiliser.
smooth smoke and very happy buzz, enjoy pickup is in elwood around the 7 11, roundabout or 90 glen huntly road abouts delivery: none offered at the moment but that's obviously the point of mail order mary so stay tuned email: hit reply wickr: mailordermary mobile: 0481822365 or remember this jingle: oh four eight 1 eight double times 2 and 365 days in a year.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id stonerstuffs a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id aussiestoner a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420.
super adorable cat necklace pendant size 10mmx12mm pendant material gold or silver plated over brass chain material: silver plated gold plated or sterlingsilver goldfilled necklace length 15 20 this cat pendant has a silver body with gold heart, and you can choose chain color in the option view main shop page selling good stuff in glen waverley wickt:fakemouse.
hi trying to find my mate lee he dive a red car can't get hold of him on and thing his phone is died wikr me if you know him hey peeps i'm looking for my mate that helps me with getting me my cold medicine, i can't get a hold of him his phone is dead and i o him coin if you know him or you are lee can you wikr daygosan27 last i saw his he was about in his red car.
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty clear clear the mr cold is around the cbd east west geelong some days message me via wickr jbuddy1209 got the magic toot as well to sell not for single purchase unless you pay do swap only take value things delivery can be arranged no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service and loyalty mme.
passcounter1 also our team is a unique producer of quality real and fake documents.we offer only original high quality real and fake passports, driver's licenses,id cards, stamps and other products for following countries:usa, australia, belgium, brazil, canada, finland, france, germany, israel, mexico, netherlands, south africa, spain, united kingdom and many more.
slow combustion multi fuel stove with wet back unique slow combustion with the adaptability of either using wood or electric cooking to both large ovens, hot plates and grillers together with wet back heating domestic hot water supply and slow combustion burn overnight which will warm the household this beautiful vintage slow combustion unit is rare on todays market.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id masterpills247 a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420 wickr.
hey i have only the best buds available check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsrep or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly 4.
iv got oje more batch of what i have had for the last 2 days im not sure whats next but it will always be good message me wickr whitewiddow3 instant replies and great service we take the fuss outa so you can get what you want i like feedback b3cause its my aim to get the 420 you need straight up quick cash service for pick up whitewiddow3 for delivery whitewiddow3 and drpot.
localconnect1 skywalker og kush grade: a sour diesel grade: a top shelf grand daddy purple grade: a sensi star x ak47 grade: aaa northern lights 5 grade: a lemon drop:grade: a purple kush: grade:a top shelf og kush grade:a top purple urkle: grade:aa girl scout cookies: grade: a blue dream:grade: a bubba kush grade: a etc download wickr from app store and text me via wickr id.
eg kush coke and drugs downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id stonerstuffs text me on wickr id stonerstuffs also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail legitqualitytablets gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
fitness equipment superstore is 100 australian owned and has been supplying quality fitness and gym equipment for over 15 years to homes, business, government organisations and fitness centres.we have a large fitness equipment store and showroom located at 622 waterdale rd heidelberg west in melbourne, victoria so you can come into our fitness equipment shop to view our products.
never had someone return but for some reason if you were and satisfied with the product you would receive your money back guarantee not in it to screw people over so you know it's good i don't step on it pricing note prices will drop once a regular connection has been formed 0.01 0.04 $60 0.50g $250 0.75g $350 1.00g $400 1.75g $550 600 3.50 $850 $900 contact via wikr colduntouched.
never had someone return but for some reason if you were and satisfied with the product you would receive your money back guarantee not in it to screw people over so you know it's good i don't step on it pricing note prices will drop once a regular connection has been formed 0.01 0.04 $60 0.50g $270 0.75g $350 1.00g $420 1.75g $580 $620 3.50 $850 $950 contact via wikr colduntouched.
a: 1 point for $25 half a gram for $110 1 gram for $200 caps are 95 100mg each, same prices as above i also have some hydro bud, it's not fire but it's probably above average compared to other hydro 3.5g $50 7g $80 half $150 everything i sell comes from reliable vendors on the dnm so you're guaranteed to get what you pay for face to face cash, pickup from blackburn forest hill area.
a: 1 point for $25 half a gram for $110 1 gram for $200 caps are 95 100mg each, same prices as above i also have some hydro bud, it's not fire but it's probably above average compared to other hydro 3.5g $50 7g $80 half $150 everything i sell comes from reliable vendors on the dnm so you're guaranteed to get what you pay for face to face cash, pickup from blackburn forest hill area.
we got top shelf grade a 420 strains like lemon kush purple kush afghan kush ogkush purple urkle green crack sour diesel grand daddy purple sensi star x ak47 northern lights 5 white rhino blueberry haze purple haze cheese drank thc and ice crystal and, also got some painkillers or pain relief pills like oxy opana xtc pills,xanas anxiety pills etc quality coke and many other available.
a course of treatment body odor never recurrence drug's effect eliminate bad body odor forever helps whiten armpit, shrink pores drug use liquid drug, spray 2 times a day in the morning and evening clean and dry before spraying spray one time in the armpit area, rub slightly during use, you can take your bath anytime note: while using the drug, do not shave or pull out the armpit hair.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine contact wickr id aussiestoner a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and drugs 420 place your order via wickr.
pickup is in elwood around the 7 11, roundabout or 90 glen huntly road abouts delivery: none offered at the moment but that's obviously the point of mail order mary so stay tuned email: click reply on the ad because rules are rules you can't post it inside the ad wickr: mailordermary mobile: 0481822365 or remember this jingle: oh four eight 1 eight double times 2 and 365 days in a year.
some mates call it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd speed a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and 420 contact wickr id weedsupply46.
winters coming save on your electricity bill heat your house heat your hot water supply you will need a hot water storage unit this can be purchased separately for $ 1500.00 or buy both the stove and the hot water storage unit for a combined price of $ 12500.00 the stove has been designed and constructed by furphy foundry in shepparton victoria which is one of australias' oldest companies.
prices as goes 1pt 50 2 100 3 150 5 200 10 350 1.7 600 20 650 3.5 850 7 1300 14 2400 28 4500 quality over quantity any issues and full refund accepted wickr majikwords5 ice cold evening 50$ each per point always quick and reliable with near instant response with no bullshit and lies cash or swaps only got anything you wanna trade don't hesitate to ask contact via wickr shown in image above.
some mates call it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd speed a a a high quality health and beauty medical marijuana and 420 contact wickr id marijuanaweed.
wickr id riana2015 og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id riana2015 white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id riana2015 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id riana2015.
legit local connect, kush and pain relief; downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id weedsupply46 text me on wickr id weedsupply46 also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail yannjason46 gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty clear clear the mr frozen stuff the cloudy stuff message me via wickr on jbuddy1209 got the pip as well to sell not for single purchase unless you pay but delivery in class for the people working with friends doesn't want them to know no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service loyalty p's oz get in also have juice mme.
if u are after quality product with prompt delivery then look no further just email or contact via wickr with suburb what u r after how much u need and we will be straight onto it we will contact u 10 minutes from appointment time be advised any stuffing us around or shifty business will result in immediate black listing from further dealings just hit reply or contact via wickr isfrezzingcold.
it's my personal supply and very strong, the strain is sour diesel and if you want some nice sticky pictures just ask pickup is in elwood around the 7 11, roundabout or 90 glen huntly road abouts delivery: none offered at the moment but that's obviously the point of mail order mary so stay tuned email: hit reply or remember this jingle: oh four eight 1 eight double times 2 and 365 days in a year.
wickr stickysmelly dont miss out on amazing buds i guarantee you will be coming back for more friendly guy looking for new clientele, your welcome to inspect product before you buy hey guys im offering premium quality sticky smelly bubblegum kush looking for regulars no time wasters your welcome to inspect before you buy guaranteed satisfaction got some sweet tasting and fruity smelling bubble gum.
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty clear clear the mr cold is around the cbd and track side this weekend also available drivers around your area message me via wickr jbuddy1209 got the magic weapon as well to sell not for single purchase unless you pay do swap only take value things delivery can be arranged no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service and loyalty mme.
hey peeps freash nice green no crumb not wet not tampered with can look befor u bye its ok to say no if u dnt like it but its decent i guratee and it will come as nuggs not crumb $20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 90 pick up only sydenham will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5.
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty clear clear the mr cold is around the cbd and track side this weekend also available drivers around your area message me via wickr jbuddy1209i got the magic weapon as well to sell not for single purchase unless you pay do swap only take value things delivery can be arranged no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service and loyalty mme.
if u are after quality product with prompt delivery then look no further just email or contact via wickr with suburb what u r after how much u need and we will be straight onto it we will contact u 10 minutes from appointment time be advised any stuffing us around or shifty business will result in immediate black listing from further dealings just hit reply or contact via wickr isfrezzingcold sms 0479104630.
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty clear clear the mr cold is around the cbd and track side this weekend also available drivers around your area message me via wickr on jbuddy1209 got the magic weapon as well to sell not for single purchase unless you pay do swap only take value things delivery can be arranged no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service and loyalty mme.
improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple diesel gorilla glue 4,jillybean pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd hook up to wickr.
improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple diesel gorilla glue 4,jillybean pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd hook up to wickr.
improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple diesel gorilla glue 4,jillybean pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd hook up to wickr.
most of all they dont treat anybody like a fool and is smarter than most out there peddling what they consider premium quality that turns out to be shit, i say this to all you poor bastards being told its the supreme or it's kouda or any other fucking bullshit just beware, look around try small first and see, don't get stuck with shit just cause it smells great or they tell you it's the greatest and overpaying.
kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card available pain relief and cocaine coke oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd molly 100 quality cocaine coke download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card available pain relief and cocaine coke oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd molly 100 quality cocaine coke download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
cloud 10, space herbal incense, black mamba, purple kush funky skunk, big budz smoke blueberry haze bubble gum kush buddha's sister deliverance smoke dream smoke dutch haze frost herbal smoke mix k4 max summit k4 purple haze k3 blueberry k3 dynomite k1 gravity blue pearl spice buddha spice hush solid strawberry lemon kush sour diesel strawberry ak 47 blueberry og kush afghan kush purple haze girl scout cookies.
cloud 10, space herbal incense, black mamba, purple kush funky skunk, big budz smoke blueberry haze bubble gum kush buddha's sister deliverance smoke dream smoke dutch haze frost herbal smoke mix k4 max summit k4 purple haze k3 blueberry k3 dynomite k1 gravity blue pearl spice buddha spice hush solid strawberry lemon kush sour diesel strawberry ak 47 blueberry og kush afghan kush purple haze girl scout cookies.
improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple diesel gorilla glue 4,coke and cold pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd hook up to wickr.
mdpv methylenedioxypyrovalerone mephedrone 4mmc crystal mdma crystal mdai methedrone methylone bk mdma 4 mec big and small crystal methamphetamine zz 1 zz 2 am 2201 am2202 am1220 am122 methoxetamine our quality is the best you can find around and we sell in small large quantities with guaranteed discreet delivery.all of our products are provided in pure crystalline and powder and are of the highest purity available.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr.
we equally specialise in the supply of other chemicals world wide,we offer our chemicals in all its physical forms be it crystals, liquid forms or in tablet or capsule forms our chemicals are highly effective with purities ranging from 80 to 99 we can offer you desired grades at very moderate and affordable prices.contact us for more details we can also accept very small quantity order for lab use, such as 50 1,000grams.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr.
auscision ho b68 vr tea cup features: five pole motor with dual fly wheels working headlights, with on off switch all wheel pick up, all wheel drive factory painted decorated highly detailed cab interior crew see through metal grilles metal handrails scale size knuckle couplings blackened turned metal wheels ho scale about auscision: auscision models produce some of the highest quality ho scale model trains in the world.
top quality melbourne legit reckon coke,kush and drugs image 1 downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id masterpills247 text me on wickr id masterpills247 also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail legitqualitytablets gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
i have the best buds available for pick up or delivery check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsrep or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly after half a cold snow ball in pakenham.
goodcharlie we also have the following pills xanax,adderals,roxy30mg,norco,mioll we are a great of legit distributors.we supplier of different varieties of hash oil and medical marijuana available,real top strains available.below are some of our strains:jack herrier,grapfruit,bubba kush,og kush,blue dream,green crack,master kush,grape 48,northern lights,purple kush,white widow,blueberry og,sour diesel,ak 47,granddaddy purple.
melbournehigh grade nz legit local connect stoner reckon coke, kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id drugpushers text me on wickr id drugpushers also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail mbinzemum gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
hey i have only the best buds available check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsrep or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly selling good stuff in glen waverley min7g wickr:fakemouse.
wickr id sun420 og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id sun420 white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id sun420 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id sun420 kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id kushsupplier1 text me on wickr id kushsupplier1 also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail kushsupplier132 gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id aussiestoner text me on wickr id aussiestoner also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail legitqualitytablets gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on my wickr id aussiestoner text me on wickr id aussiestoner also leave a message on the email if i didn't respond on wickr e mail legitqualitytablets gmail dot com available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
molly ultra caps capped at 180mgs guaranteed to have you flying for hrs clean come down 99 of the time nill le cutters all pure md cuzzin delivery available small fee depending on area pricing no swaps prices are firm $35.00each minimum 3 deliveryfee$10 5 capped at 180mgs $165.00 10 capped at 180mgs $320.00 20 capped at 180mgs $540.00 in all honesty 90 of customers have had nothing but great things to say about it but one girl had 15.
from high quality it techinicians from us,russia,korea and china wickr id passcounter1 also our team is a unique producer of quality real and fake documents.we offer only original high quality real and fake passports, driver's licenses,id cards, stamps and other products for following countries:usa, australia, belgium, brazil, canada, finland, france, germany, israel, mexico, netherlands, south africa, spain, united kingdom and many more.
i have the best buds available for pick up or delivery check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsrep or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly do not contact me with unsolicited services or offers.
wickr id celinefisher113 sativa: bohemian blue fruity loop maui waui black jack strawberry diesel indica: abusive og shangri la og obama og charlie sheen og kandy kush michael phelps og white fire og hybrid: gorilla glue tangerine dream platinum girl scout sunset sherbet wickr id celinefisher113 concentrates: private reserve og shatter presidential og shatter girl scout cookies shatter blueberry haze crumble sativa wickr id celinefisher113.
pains meds actavist og kush molly sativa indica bush ganja xanax roxy oxy oxy molly methadone dmt lsd actavist fent patches percs norco weed og kush bud purple kush marijuana white widow pineapple express mango kush all inquiries are welcome at:to place an order please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
pains meds actavist og kush molly sativa indica bush ganja xanax roxy oxy oxy molly methadone dmt lsd actavist fent patches percs norco weed og kush bud purple kush marijuana white widow pineapple express mango kush all inquiries are welcome at:to place an order please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
pains meds actavist og kush molly sativa indica bush ganja xanax roxy oxy oxy molly methadone dmt lsd actavist fent patches percs norco weed og kush bud purple kush marijuana white widow pineapple express mango kush all inquiries are welcome at:to place an order please contact for fast respond about any of my product to place an order contact please contact for fast respond about any of my meds so place your order by messaging me via wickr.
wickr id tsquad24 og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id tsquad24 white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id tsquad24 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id tsquad24 kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, p.
local supplier of medical stuffs improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple diesel gorilla glue 4,jillybean pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd hook up to wickr.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr kushsupplier705 wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr kushsupplier705 wickr id.
hey peeps freash nice green no crumb not wet not tampered with can look befor u bye its ok to say no if u dnt like it but its decent i guratee and it will come as nuggs not crumb $20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 80 pick up only sydenham 0487243147 will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5 wicker id tosspot89 tosspot89.
with the local delivery team we are local: discreet: fast and do both delivery and mail box drop off available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
with the local delivery team we are local: discreet: fast and do both delivery and mail box drop off available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
with the local delivery team we are local: discreet: fast and do both delivery and mail box drop off available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
with the local delivery team we are local: discreet: fast and do both delivery and mail box drop off available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
with the local delivery team we are local: discreet: fast and do both delivery and mail box drop off available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
wickr id lordduke11 og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id lordduke11 white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id lordduke11 available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id lordduke11 kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro.
it's jbuddy1209 you know i've got them awesome quailty clear clear the mr frozen stuff the cloudy stuff message me via wickr on jbuddy1209 got the pip as well to sell not for single purchase unless you pay but do swap only take some things make sure you send photo delivery in class for the people working with friends doesn't want them to know no hassel no mess around quailty customers get quailty service loyalty p's oz get in also have juice mme.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr id: xpressdelivery wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr id: masterpills247 wickr id.
molly ultra caps wikr me mocdoc capped at 180mgs guaranteed to have you flying for hrs clean come down 99 of the time nill le cutters all pure md cuzzin delivery available small fee depending on area pricing no swaps prices are firm $35.00each minimum 3 deliveryfee$10 5 capped at 180mgs $165.00 10 capped at 180mgs $320.00 20 capped at 180mgs $540.00 in all honesty 90 of customers have had nothing but great things to say about it but one girl had 15.
medssupplier420 hey mate am back on board i know that you have been giving crapy stuffs but its over now because the messire is back on track please dont forget to text us the usual code for all second deal and if you dont know the code meaning you are first time just connect and get the the code bellow are some recent stuffs available available; kush bud weed mmj strains hash wax oil matser kush; og kush, pineapple express and white widow wickr id.
hey peeps freash nice green no crumb not wet not tampered with can look befor u bye its ok to say no if u dnt like it but its decent i guratee and it will come as fat nuggs not crumb $20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 90 pick up only sydenham 0487243147 will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5 wicker id tosspot89 tosspot89.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr id: kushsupplier705 wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr id: kushsupplier705 wickr id.
key: eb bore: 409 10.40mm bell diameter: 8 203mm valves: 3 top center sprung monel water keys: 3 main tuning slide trigger black onyx inserts in gold plated button tops additional removable slide with water key newly developed lead pipe for free blowing left hand finger hook for additional balance and support gold plated trigger, top and bottom caps optional heavy bottom caps supplied finish: lacquer condition the tenor horn is in good working order.
pillsdr1 white widow grade aa hawaii skunk grade aa hindu kush grade aa super silver haze grade aa real og grade aa super skunk; grade aa ak 47 kush grade aa blueberry kush: grade aaa purple kush grade aa sour diesel: garde aa grape ape garde aa og mango kush garde aa blue dream garde aa girls cookies garde aa white widow garde aa blue dream garde aa blueberry yum yum garde aa grand daddy,p garde aa red magic incense, kush herbal incense, mr.nice guy.
buy top shelf grade aaa medical marijuana,cannabis oil both for indica and sativa strains are all available and in affordable prices marijuana is not bad,i can provide you with high quality marijuana and cannabis oil for patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety,nausea and spinal cord pains and for those who want to get high.contact me if you are interested in the quality stuffs marijuana,pills,and cannabis oil you can contact me at wickr id.
we got some good medical marijuana weeds,hemp oil,wax and their seeds such as sour diesel, grand daddy purple,og kush, sour og kush, green crack, jack dream, ak 47, purple kush, bubba kush, bubblegum kush,blueberry,purple skunk, master kush, purple haze,banana kush,pineapple express, orange kush,night queen,big bud, cheese, bluedream, white russia, white widow, g13,hash oils and seeds etc,text me here with your order for fast delivery available also are.
we got some good medical marijuana weeds,hemp oil,wax and their seeds such as sour diesel, grand daddy purple,og kush, sour og kush, green crack, jack dream, ak 47, purple kush, bubba kush, bubblegum kush,blueberry,purple skunk, master kush, purple haze,banana kush,pineapple express, orange kush,night queen,big bud, cheese, bluedream, white russia, white widow, g13,hash oils and seeds etc,text me here with your order for fast delivery available also are.
wickr id mainsupplier og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id mainsupplier white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro.
we got some good medical marijuana weeds,hemp oil,wax and their seeds such as sour diesel, grand daddy purple,og kush, sour og kush, green crack, jack dream, ak 47, purple kush, bubba kush, bubblegum kush,blueberry,purple skunk, master kush, purple haze,banana kush,pineapple express, orange kush,night queen,big bud, cheese, bluedream, white russia, white widow, g13,hash oils and seeds etc,text me here with your order for fast delivery available also are.
hey peeps freash nice green mad nuggs no crumb not wet not tampered with can look befor u bye its ok to say no if u dnt like it but its decent i guratee and it will come as nuggs not crumb $20 stick flat rate then 3 four $50 7 four 80 pick up only sydenham 0487243147 will also swap for most electronics atm look for a samsung s5 dont care if its locked or anythink as long as the screen works i just need a new screen for my s5 wicker id tosspot89 tosspot89.
wickr id mainsupplier og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id mainsupplier white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydroopiom.
hey i have only the best buds available check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsturner123 or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly i have the best buds available for pick up or delivery check out my rates: wickr id.
no kid businesses no unnecessary waste of time.no unnecessary questions.and several strains and seeds of indica sativa and hybrid strains like the sour diesel,durban poison,white widow,purple kush,grand daddy purple,mauwi wauwi og kush,green crack,alaskan thunderfuck,master kush,jack herrer,snoopdog kush,black widow,girl scout cookies, we also make medical marijuana cards,permits and insurances,including prescriptions.for more information or orders,contact us.
m powder pills contact wickr id freesample wechat; improve your health with legit quality medical marijuana and 420 quality hybrid strains available: mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch treat,fire og,sour kush,alien og,blackberry sour og,purple diesel,snowcap,juicy fruit,purple diesel gorilla glue 4,jillybean pain relief and more mdma ecstasy or molly fentanyl patch percocet oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd hook up to wickr.
cola bitter sour with that diseal smell pysudo but rules apply with that yeah no pics inspect product face to face ask a dumb question expect a dumb answer if you expect delivery i expect price to be worth it wickr coldrockz 0415289139 mob theheist45 coldrockz partyconect if you want party pack hit me up wickr partyconect party pack preston and surrounding subburbs anyway tats on fingers, crew cut, on the juice, driving the dodgiest blue nissan u will ever see.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil afghani og 18 kandy kush master kush dutch haze sour diesel white gold the q available pain relief oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd cocaine coke mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice heroin tar ketamine melbourne legit local connect aussie stoner reckon coke,kush and pain relief downloaded an app from the appstore or play store white in colour name wickr then create a free account and text me on wickr id.
healthy organic medical marijuana clones teens place an order via wickr id kushmate2000 sour diesel tested at 22 great yielder skunk 1 valid doctor recommendation required for medical uses, and also to get high we have available the following strains: og kush sour deisel white widow orange hash jamaican weed blueberry kush purple kush super sour diesel purple haze high quality white widow has one of the highest percentages of thc known to growers and smokers alike.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: joneswills place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr wickr id: joneswills wickr id: joneswills.
it's my personal supply and very strong, the strain is sour diesel and if you want some nice sticky pictures just ask pickup is in elwood around the 7 11 mail order mary: if you live around elwood we can deliver to your mailbox, just send your address and mailbox number and we'll swap the cash you leave for bud, we're reputable and have reviews which you can request email: hit reply or remember this jingle: oh four eight 1 eight double times 2 and 365 days in a year.
were we woukd strike a side deal between just us and the driver and do a big job were we would walk aeay with $50k worth and the delivery driver gets a split 50 50 and you dont have to budge its a one off for the driver as you can be robbed once and head office wouldnt think anything of it also startrack drivers we just require route info and rememver guys we look after you cash wise ajd just remember we dont know each other and we do not require names for your assurance!
yes i know the price drop starts from the top of the chain, some of us are not totally fucking stupid especially when you are paying same price for a pound whether its good average or great, and feel you can flog it for more because its called bla bla bla or it smells fantastic some of you dealers, not all, are the biggest joke overseas and now some of the usa uni fraternities have compiled lists informing travelers about aussie and nz dealers the good, the bad and the ugly.
product description decal: skull 4 sensor grinding mode switching time: 1 25,000 sec sensitivity adjustment tilt and slide harness viewing area: 98 x 62mm high impact protective lens up to shade 13 externally mounted controls low battery indicator available replacement parts: front pc lens 5 per pack sweatbands certifications: as nzs1338 as nzs1337.1 availability more than 30 available delivery tracked, free delivery to your home or office within australia only by tnt courier.
with the local delivery team we are local: discreet: fast and do both delivery and mail box drop off contact wickr id darenwestley420 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card alot more with stress and pain pills xanax,cocaine, shards molly, mdma, suboxone, oxycodone, adderal, percocet, ketamine, a215, methadone, coke, cold.
product description decal: flames 4 sensor grinding mode switching time: 1 25,000 sec sensitivity adjustment tilt and slide harness viewing area: 98 x 62mm high impact protective lens up to shade 13 externally mounted controls low battery indicator available replacement parts: front pc lens 5 per pack sweatbands certifications: as nzs1338 as nzs1337.1 availability more than 30 available delivery tracked, free delivery to your home or office within australia only by tnt courier.
$250 1 oz durban poison: $265 1 oz mr nice $260 50g girl scout cookies: $340 50g white widow: $350 50g hawaii skunk:$320 50g hindu kush: $320 50g super silver haze:$330 50g og kush $320 50g super skunk $315 50g ak 47 $350 50g blueberry $410 1lbs sour diesel $2000 1lbs blueberry: $2100 1lbs og kush: $2000 1lbs ak47: $1900 1 2 ounce for $150 1 ounce for $220 1 8 pound for $350 1 4 pound for $695 1 2 pound for $1200 1 pound for $2200 we do discreet packaging and delivery is prompt.
kush weed marijuna ganja buds green bush soure disel dutch haze og kush pineapple express big bud granddaddy kush white gold white widow aki 47 canabis oil og platinum shade 420 afghani master kush hydro contact the legit supplier via wicker id pulsekicker vavailable pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id lorlyperl.
kush weed marijuna ganja buds green bush soure disel dutch haze og kush pineapple express big bud granddaddy kush white gold white widow aki 47 canabis oil og platinum shade 420 afghani master kush hydro contact the legit supplier via wicker id pulsekicker vavailable pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id pulsekicker.
vin 1hgcs21808a015919 for more infor email me hoffmanrudolf g m a i l fitness choice is 100 australian owned and has been supplying quality fitness and gym equipment for over 15 years to homes, business, government organisations and fitness centres.we have a large fitness equipment store and showroom located at 622 waterdale rd heidelberg west in melbourne, victoria so you can come into our fitness equipment shop to view our products.please visit more about us www.fitnesschoice.com.au.
below is our promo price list of some kush in stock: 30 grams 30g white widow 30g hawaii skunk 30g hindu kush 30g super silver haze 30g og kush 30g super skunk 30g ak 47 30g blueberry 50grams 50g white widow 50g hawaii skunk 50g hindu kush 50g super silver haze 50g og kush 50g super skunk 50g ak 47 50g blueberry 1lbs ak47 1lbs blueberry 1lbs purple haze 1lbs white widow 1lbs super silver haze 1lbs trainreck is 1lbs white widow 1lbs og kush 1lbs white rhino 1lbs jack herer contact us on wickr.
visit www.domenicsrestaurant.com.au key features: long established as an eatery trading 4 nights per week excellent rent and long lease liquor licence main road location front of house modern european menu strong patronage, refer to internet reviews dining area seating 60 open fire back of house commercial kitchen ample storage cool room office rear access with on site car parking it is not often that such an established restaurant is offered for sale at a more than reasonable' selling price.
some mate called it: kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani bodybuilding supplements and more stanazolo methadienone methytestosterone oxymetholon oxandrolone fluxymesterone clenbuterol dianabol winistrol turanabol primobolon anavar we will hook you up around the city suburbs with 240, kush, green bud, tablets and drugs contact download wickr id on app store kushsupplier705 not contact me with unsolicited services or offers.
kush mobile delivery available for delivery no rec no delivery fee medical cannabis sold at medical dispensaries lab tested private reserve aa grade top shelf indica sativa hybrid og kush, blue dream, jack herrer, fire og, super silver haze, gorrilla glue, purple kush, grandaddy purple, skywalker og, headband, white widow, bubba kush, sour diesel, girl scout cookies, tahoe and, sfv og, green crack contact wickr hello, medical marijuana is ready in ounces, quarter pound, a half pound and full pounds.
some of the activities i can perform while wearing the underwear include: working out relaxing wearing them to work wearing them while i masturbate all underwear is worn by me to your specific request so please allow me the time to get them to the condition you desire 0 underwear can be worn for 3 days maximum over 1 days wear does incur extra cost photographs available of me wearing the underwear at a cost of $10 each or $20 each if you would like me to pull the underwear aside for a better view hehe.
hey there hey there i have the best buds available for delivery asap check out my rates: text me on wickr id jamescanabis $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies text me on wickr id jamescanabis or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting at text me on wickr id jamescanabis leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly text me on wickr id jamescanabis.
og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id budhouse available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd also got illegal fire arms contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id budhouse kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, medical cannabis with caregivers for patients, contact me on wickr id.
hash oil shatter and wax available below are some of our strains: white widow grade aa hawaii skunk grade aa hindu kush grade aa super silver haze grade aa real og grade aa super skunk; grade aa ak 47 kush grade aa blueberry kush: grade aaa purple kush grade aa sour diesel: garde aa grape ape garde aa og mango kush garde aa blue dream garde aa girls cookies garde aa white widow garde aa blue dream garde aa blueberry yum yum garde aa grand daddy,p garde aa red magic incense, kush herbal incense, mr.nice guy.
god is good to locate you here to get the best treatements to your pain problems locally in our city real dudes and mates all ma hommies hit me up asap and i will hook u up with no hassle no cops please.we also have top quality 420 to hook u up with around the city so ma real hommies just give me a short call or text ma number asap and we will meet up and make you whole again more couldn't be listed for some reason but will happily email you list of product and prices thanks $ get$$high$$ pain medication$ kush.
god is good to locate you here to get the best treatements to your pain problems locally in our city real dudes and mates all ma hommies hit me up asap and i will hook u up with no hassle no cops please.we also have top quality 420 to hook u up with around the city so ma real hommies just give me a short call or text ma number asap and we will meet up and make you whole again more couldn't be listed for some reason but will happily email you list of product and prices thanks $ get$$high$$ pain medication$ kush.
adderall and xanax headband, sour diesel, og kush, ak47, white widow, purple urkle, blue berry and green crack contact for your medical marijuana needs, a safe and secured delivery wickr id marijuanaweed also available: glock 17 gen 4, glock 19, glock 40, glock 43, glock 22 gen 3, glock 36 semi automatic pistol, ak47 riffles, akm247c, b west ak47 7.62.39, zastava n pap ak 47 book for a delivery now mmj, units, greenhouse,outdoor, kush,sb420, shatter,bho,full melt, hash,medical marijuana, rosin, contact me via text.
straight to the point got banging gear in the south east puddles great burns clear great high i'd say around 88 92 not jumped on face to face meet contact via wicker sebangercold if your not happy money back guarantee prices below prices: 1 3 $60e 4 $200 5 $240 1g $380 hb $550 b $850 note discounts will accrue when a regular connection happens till then these are the set prices yes cost bit more but u pay for a product you won't complain about also delivery fee may accrue if your more then 20km from me no money order.
pick up some some good quality easy to smoke 8 10 chemical free nugs im enjoying this smoke hit me up before it runs out if you have come to me in the past still great low prices and bud quality that stays with great prices im all about reputation and making sure the client gets fare consistent prices that will continually drop while the quality only gets better with more strains for you to pick from im about that customer service and repeat business wickr me whitewiddow3 also doing drops for your convenience if needed.
hey guys im back and if you have traded off me in the last couple weeks you will no my prices are sick and service quality is to make your session as cheap as possible with stress free good buds everytime my buds no less then 7 10 and i just picked up a nice 8 10 looks great smokes tasty as and always the same prices hit me up on wickr whitewiddows always quick replies and stress free transaction at a rate that will leave money in your pocket hit me up whitewiddow3 get your order in if you want to prebook for a pick up date.
hallucinogens lsd acid trips mushies ecstasy es xtc eccies pills bickies methylenedioxymethamphetamine mdma cocaine coke freebase crack charlie c rock heroin hammer h smack horse white cannabis mull pot weed leaf gunga marijuana what is the aim of doctorstrange5 have fun relax and forget problems gain confidence socialise out of curiosity as a form of escapism lessen inhibitions remove personal responsibility for decisions celebrate or commiserate relieve boredom and stress self medication to cope with problems go have some fun.
i won't answer private numbers no matter how special you think you are message for prices,most of all please keep in mind organised is what i strive for so message a couple hours before hand,that way i'm not promising eta's i can't keep cold prices: 0.1 $50 to $80ea 0.2g $120 to $150ea 0.5g $280 to $320ea 1.0g $370to $400ea 1.7g $480 to $530ea 3.5g $1050 to $1100ea pipes $30 420 sticky kush prices: 1g $25 to $50ea delivered 2g $50 to $70ea delivered 7g $100 to $130 delivered 14g $160 to $210 delivered 32g $350 to $450 delivered.
mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones download whatsapp messenger on your app or play store and message me via 0403 261 113 download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text available; pain reliefs oxy roxy cocaine ketamine adderall xanax lsd and norcos wickr kymedic download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text download wickr from your play store or app store and contact me wickr id.
molly ultra caps just so we are clear they are capped at 1.8pnts 180mgs not 0.08pt or 1.0pmt wikr mocdoc capped at 180mgs guaranteed to have you flying for hrs clean come down 99 of the time nill cutters pure crystal dont ruin something great delivery available small fee depending on area pricing no swaps prices are firm $35.00each minimum 3 deliveryfee$10 5 capped at 180mgs $165.00 10 capped at 180mgs $320.00 20 capped at 180mgs $540.00 in all honesty 90 of customers have had nothing but great things to say about it but one girl had 15.
from liquidation stock deep apricot coloured poly satin 2 pce evening gown lace trim at waistline strapless bust 37 38 inches legth 43 inches turn heads when wearing this gown sunbeam cp 4500 popcorn elect maker box instruction on box 12 inches high good clean unit believe unused been in storage chrome plated toilet door indicator bolts check retail on such range from $15 to $18 each have a small supply if interested replacement in clubs hotels council toilets any public toilets got to save on this bargain will post or can collect young nsw.
bleu berry yum yum 20.89 blue hawaiian 19.89 kali mist:22.87 hash train:19.83 mango20.85 organic citrus kush outdoor purple candy:19.85 purple creeper:20.75 super green balls:20.79 blue dream:20.98 og kush:20.82 sour diesel:25.98 sweet nightmare:18.86 herbal incense redemption song18.79 alpha blue:19.86 707 kush 19.82 7 up kush:20.86 ak 47:19.86 bruce banner 1:19.85 passion fruit:19.89 blackjack master kush:19.89 cali kush purp:20.89 medusa kush:19.78 blueberry haze:20.77 green crack:thc:20.86 wax:95.20 shatter:55.15 budder:35.25 contact wickr.
i won't answer private numbers no matter how special you think you are message for prices,most of all please keep in mind organised is what i strive for so message a couple hours before hand,that way i'm not promising eta's i can't keep cold prices: 0.1 $50 to $80ea 0.2g $120 to $150ea 0.5g $280 to $320ea 1.0g $370to $400ea 1.7g $480 to $530ea 3.5g $1050 to $1100ea pipes $30 420 sticky kush prices: 1g $25 to $50ea delivered 2g $50 to $70ea delivered 7g $100 to $130 delivered 14g $160 to $210 delivered 32g $350 to $450 delivered gina price: $4 5 per ml.
84 926 258 315 be confident in summer activities with vietnamese herbalist recover completely from body odor underarm odor no longer distances with your beloved 1 single bottle 100 eliminate completely from bad body odor more than 5 thousand vietnamese and foreign people are cured the remedy is prepared from precious natural medicinal herbs no allergens, but light side effects not like other deodorants in the market, which help you to prevent body odor only when you use these deodorants, it means body odour will come back if you stop using the deodorants.
the sale of the juice pig creates an opportunity for first time operators into the industry existing juice bar operators to expand market presence operator investor to create a franchise value added to an event catering operation this brilliant concept is go to the people and stand out in the crowd www.juicepig.com.au attributes of the juice pig are: custom built trailer marquee and food service equipment established brand of 10 years strong client base system manual including standardised recipes and procedures forward event bookings suit buyers under $100k.
sae class 1 rating input voltage: 12v or 24v dc current: 4 amps single rotator 105fpm 20 halogen globe 55w your choice of magnetic base or bolt on magnetic base includes cigarrete plug with on off switch bolt on comes with bare wires c tick compliance 200 meter visibility 120 rated 12 months warranty excluding globe and abuse or misuse replacement globes and covers obtainable covers come in red, amber or blue let us know what you'd prefer availability more than 30 available delivery tracked, free delivery to your home or office within australia only by tnt courier.
aussie09 mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roycotine cocaine ketamine norcos adderall xanax mdma lsd suboxone and kush bud weed mmj hash wax oil green og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel white gold big bud afghani sativa indica hybrid contact, download wickr app from the apps store wickr id men's stylish emporio armani long sleeve t shirt autumn winter a brand new, unused, and unworn item in the original packaging and with the original tags attached description men's emporio armani long sleeve t shirt.
you message me and i'll give you the proper address i'm a local no scam just face to facedelivery: there's not really any delivery but if you live in elwood and want a delivery during the day just let me know and i can come around your letterbox and swap cash for the order, totally up to you just choose pickup if you don't trust delivery first i don't ask for money gram or western union just cash.bud: the bud is currently sour diesel but we're getting to the end of it, it was harvested early i'm guessing as it's not very energetic but has that sweet and faint diesely smell.
you message me and i'll give you the proper address i'm a local no scam just face to facedelivery: there's not really any delivery but if you live in elwood and want a delivery during the day just let me know and i can come around your letterbox and swap cash for the order, totally up to you just choose pickup if you don't trust delivery first i don't ask for money gram or western union just cash.bud: the bud is currently sour diesel but we're getting to the end of it, it was harvested early i'm guessing as it's not very energetic but has that sweet and faint diesely smell.
joneswills specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker sativa strains are: sour diesel,purple haze,green crack,jack herer,alaskan thunder fuck super silver haze,lemon haze,durban poison,strawberry cough,super lemon haze,maui waui,chocolope amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones indica strains are: bubba kush,purple kush,blue cheese,blackberry kush grape ape,blueberry,master kush,afghan kush,white rhino la confidential,skywalker,purple urkle,gods gift g13,hindu kush,romulan, mr.johaneswills,berry white, orange kush,lavender,sensitive star.
download whatsapp messenger on your app or play store and message me via 0403 261 113 god is good to locate you here to get the best treatements to your pain problems locally in our city real dudes and mates all ma hommies hit me up asap and i will hook u up with no hassle no cops please.we also have top quality 420 to hook u up with around the city so ma real hommies just give me a short call or text ma number asap and we will meet up and make you whole again more couldn't be listed for some reason but will happily email you list of product and prices thanks $ get$$high$$ pain medication$ kush.
download whatsapp messenger on your app or play store and message me via 0403 261 113 god is good to locate you here to get the best treatements to your pain problems locally in our city real dudes and mates all ma hommies hit me up asap and i will hook u up with no hassle no cops please.we also have top quality 420 to hook u up with around the city so ma real hommies just give me a short call or text ma number asap and we will meet up and make you whole again more couldn't be listed for some reason but will happily email you list of product and prices thanks $ get$$high$$ pain medication$ kush.
buddeal specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker sativa strains are: sour diesel,purple haze,green crack,jack herer,alaskan thunder fuck super silver haze,lemon haze,durban poison,strawberry cough,super lemon haze,maui waui,chocolope amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones indica strains are: bubba kush,purple kush,blue cheese,blackberry kush grape ape,blueberry,master kush,afghan kush,white rhino la confidential,skywalker,purple urkle,gods gift g13,hindu kush,romulan, mr.nice,afgoo,berry white, orange kush,lavender,sensi star hook up to wickr.
lorlyperl specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker sativa strains are: sour diesel,purple haze,green crack,jack herer,alaskan thunder fuck super silver haze,lemon haze,durban poison,strawberry cough,super lemon haze,maui waui,chocolope amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones indica strains are: bubba kush,purple kush,blue cheese,blackberry kush grape ape,blueberry,master kush,afghan kush,white rhino la confidential,skywalker,purple urkle,gods gift g13,hindu kush,romulan, mr.nice,afgoo,berry white, orange kush,lavender,sensi star hook up to wickr.
lifejaket specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker sativa strains are: sour diesel,purple haze,green crack,jack herer,alaskan thunder fuck super silver haze,lemon haze,durban poison,strawberry cough,super lemon haze,maui waui,chocolope amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones indica strains are: bubba kush,purple kush,blue cheese,blackberry kush grape ape,blueberry,master kush,afghan kush,white rhino la confidential,skywalker,purple urkle,gods gift g13,hindu kush,romulan, mr.nice,afgoo,berry white, orange kush,lavender,sensi star hook up to wickr.
medicstore specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker sativa strains are: sour diesel,purple haze,green crack,jack herer,alaskan thunder fuck super silver haze,lemon haze,durban poison,strawberry cough,super lemon haze,maui waui,chocolope amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones indica strains are: bubba kush,purple kush,blue cheese,blackberry kush grape ape,blueberry,master kush,afghan kush,white rhino la confidential,skywalker,purple urkle,gods gift g13,hindu kush,romulan, mr.nice,afgoo,berry white, orange kush,lavender,sensi star hook up to wickr.
medicstore specail dude stuffs cocaine ketamine ice crystal cracker sativa strains are: sour diesel,purple haze,green crack,jack herer,alaskan thunder fuck super silver haze,lemon haze,durban poison,strawberry cough,super lemon haze,maui waui,chocolope amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones indica strains are: bubba kush,purple kush,blue cheese,blackberry kush grape ape,blueberry,master kush,afghan kush,white rhino la confidential,skywalker,purple urkle,gods gift g13,hindu kush,romulan, mr.nice,afgoo,berry white, orange kush,lavender,sensi star hook up to wickr.
dutch haze afghan kushoxy30mg,roxy30mg $ get$$high$$ pain medication valiu oxy30mg,roxy30mg xan2mg add vics no.rcs pro methcough syrup with co deine 10mg opan mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text available; pain reliefs oxy roxy cocaine ketamine adderall xanax lsd and norcos wickr kymedic download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text download wickr from your play store or app store and contact me wickr id.
1x magic flight launch box unit 1x mflb tin 4x rechargeable mflb glyph batteries that's 2 extra batteries worth $15.95 4x protective battery caps that's 2 extra caps 1x nimh aa battery charger charger works, but led charging indicator does not 1x magic flight cleaning brush 1x battery push back ring 1x new unused glass draw stem 1x new unused acrylic draw stem 1x used, but very clean whip tube with acrylic ends worth $9.95 new 1x au plug adaptor 1x battery storage container fits x4 aa batteries 2x magic flight launch box travel elastics cash only local pickup only we can arrange to meet somewhere locally.
mango kush,cinderella,banana kush,agent orange,golden goat,dutch amnesia haze,purple haze,harlequin,lambs bread silver haze,cinex,casey jones available; pain reliefs oxy roxy cocaine ketamine adderall xanax lsd and norcos download whatsapp messenger on your app or play store and message me via 0403 261 113 download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text available; pain reliefs oxy roxy cocaine ketamine adderall xanax lsd and norcos wickr kymedic download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text download wickr from your play store or app store and contact me wickr id.
compatible with panasonic: lumix dmc fx01, lumix dmc fx07, lumix dmc fx10, lumix dmc fx12, lumix dmc fx3, lumix dmc fx30, lumix dmc fx50, lumix dmc fx7, lumix dmc fx8, lumix dmc fx9, lumix dmc fz15, lumix dmc fz18, lumix dmc fz20, lumix dmc fz3, lumix dmc fz30, lumix dmc fz4, lumix dmc fz5, lumix dmc fz50, lumix dmc fz7, lumix dmc fz8, lumix dmc ls1, lumix dmc ls2, lumix dmc ls70, lumix dmc lx1, lumix dmc lx2, lumix dmc lz1, lumix dmc lz2, lumix dmc lz3, lumix dmc lz4, lumix dmc lz5, lumix dmc lz6, lumix dmc lz7, lumix dmc tz1, lumix dmc tz3 also compatible with some models by fuji, nikon, olympus, pentax, vivitar.
kit includes items such as: studiofix and prolongwear foundations studiofix and prolongwear concealers studiofix and prolongwear compact powders mineral foundations mineral powder various blusher various bronzer and contour palettes various luminiser various eye shadows in both matte, pearl and metallic various liners lip and eye various brow products powders, crayons and pencils various lipsticks various gloss various mascara fix spray prep and prime range all mac facial care range various palettes 1 x professional brush roll 1 x limited edition purple brush set plus tonnes more which i don't have the time to list!
bellow are few of our products and thc level bleu berry yum yum 20.89 blue hawaiian 19.89 kali mist:22.87 hash train:19.83 mango20.85 organic citrus kush outdoor purple candy:19.85 purple creeper:20.75 super green balls:20.79 blue dream:20.98 og kush:20.82 sour diesel:25.98 sweet nightmare:18.86 herbal incense redemption song18.79 alpha blue:19.86 707 kush 19.82 7 up kush:20.86 ak 47:19.86 bruce banner 1:19.85 passion fruit:19.89 blackjack master kush:19.89 cali kush purp:20.89 medusa kush:19.78 blueberry haze:20.77 green crack:thc:20.86 wax:95.20 shatter:55.15 budder:35.25 come and experience the best quality weeds here.
bellow are few of our products and thc level bleu berry yum yum 20.89 blue hawaiian 19.89 kali mist:22.87 hash train:19.83 mango20.85 organic citrus kush outdoor purple candy:19.85 purple creeper:20.75 super green balls:20.79 blue dream:20.98 og kush:20.82 sour diesel:25.98 sweet nightmare:18.86 herbal incense redemption song18.79 alpha blue:19.86 707 kush 19.82 7 up kush:20.86 ak 47:19.86 bruce banner 1:19.85 passion fruit:19.89 blackjack master kush:19.89 cali kush purp:20.89 medusa kush:19.78 blueberry haze:20.77 green crack:thc:20.86 wax:95.20 shatter:55.15 budder:35.25 come and experience the best quality weeds here.
its all about the new mesire that must hook yooooou asaaaap size dimensions:420 smart marijuana sweet kush 420 delivery service dank marijuana cannabis kush og professionals arrive 29:45mins max top shelf middle shelf response marihuana sun moon flowers green trees trim shatter strains green purple sour kush og master platinum dream indica sativa hybrid sweet smooth strong pure organic mmj body head high best medicine info wickr dispensary id mainsupplier green smooth amazing dank arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
its all about the new mesire that must hook yooooou asaaaap size dimensions: 420 smart marijuana sweet kush 420 delivery service dank marijuana cannabis kush og professionals arrive 29:45mins max top shelf middle shelf response marihuana sun moon flowers green trees trim shatter strains green purple sour kush og master platinum dream indica sativa hybrid sweet smooth strong pure organic mmj body head high best medicine info wickr dispensary id mainsupplier green smooth amazing dank arrive 45mins max trade barter friendly mmj 420 kush kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, bush green fast suppliers a legit delivery!
eddiepreston here are some strains we have so you can make your order and get back to us blue dream: grade a green crack: grade: aa sour diesel grade: a top shelf grand daddy purple grade: a sensi star x ak47 grade: aaa afghan kush grade: a northern lights 5 grade: a lemon drop: grade: a purple kush: grade:a top shelf og kush grade:a top shelf purple urkle: grade: a highly recommended quality pharmaceuticals in various categories: research chemicals party pills bath salt herbal blend steroids steroids powder anxiety medication men women medication weight loss pills pain medication human growth hormones we do overnight express delivery 24 7.
wickr id mainsupplier og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id mainsupplier white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, hi quality forget the rest city and inner north beauitful crystal clear shard 60 per serve wickr premonitioncull only inquirys through wickr can be answered no email enquires can be handed.
available in black grey blue or rose gold please let me know which colour you want all in one personal vaporizer wattage range: 1.0w 50w voltage range: 0.3v 9.5v temperature range: 200f 600f 100c 315c resistance threshold: 0.1 3.0 wattage mode 0.2 3.0 bypass mode 0.05 2.0 temperature control mode adjustable airflow multiple coil options available sleek elegant look requires 1 18650 battery battery included firmware upgradeable pyrex glass tank auto rotating screen package contents: 1 x aspire plato 1 x stainless steel drip tip 1 x delrin drip tip 1 x aspire 2500mah 18650 battery 1 x micro usb cable 1 x key 1 x user manual 1 x authentication card 1 x key.
medical cannabis sold at medical dispensaries lab tested private reserve aa grade top shelf indica sativa hybrid og kush, blue dream, jack herrer, fire og, super silver haze, gorrilla glue, purple kush, grandaddy purple, skywalker og, headband, white widow, bubba kush, sour diesel, girl scout cookies, tahoe and, sfv og, green crack contact wickr is finally here and its almost time to knock off and and grab a coldy come see me for hassle free easy as 123 my aim is to make sure you get the quality your after quickly and easy my rep is good because my bud is great and my prices kick arse wickr whitewiddow3 for speedy response cash only as well whitewiddow3 peace.
wickr id mainsupplier og 18 master kush dutch haze kandy kush sour diesel id mainsupplier white gold big bud afghani contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier available pain medication mdma ecstasy or molly crystal meth ice fentanyl patch percocet heroin tar oxycodone roxicodine cocaine ketamine adderall norcos xanax mdma lsd contact the latest legit supplier via wickr id mainsupplier kush, bud, weed, ganja, top shelf, marijuana, hydro, medical marijuana to hit the road to hit the road by dr jones we have concentrated strains highly potent strains on menu,our trees come from the hydro pontic gardens.severe pain depression wax 82 87 thc pure concentrate.
safety tips prohibited items product recalls avoiding scams hey mate am back on board i know that you have been giving crapy stuffs but its over now because the messire is back on track please dont forget to text us the usual code for all second deal and if you dont know the code meaning you are first time just connect and get the the code bellow are some recent stuffs available available; kush bud weed mmj strains hash wax oil matser kush; og kush, pineapple express and white widow available; pain reliefs available pain relief oxycodone oxycodone cocaine ketamine adderal xanax lsd norcos charlie available medical marijuana cannabis sativa, indica and hybrid of all strains.
green crack: grade: aa sour diesel grade: a top shelf grand daddy purple grade: a sensi star x ak47 grade: aaa afghan kush grade: a northern lights 5 grade: a lemon drop: grade: a purple kush: grade:a top shelf og kush grade:a top shelf purple urkle: grade: a 30g white widow: $400 30g hawaii skunk:$400 30g hindu kush: 350 30g super silver haze:$380 30g og kush $450 30g super skunk $350 30g ak 47 $500 30g blueberry $350 50g white widow: $300 50g hawaii skunk:$450 50g hindu kush: $250 50g super silver haze:$350 50g og kush $2650 50g super skunk $275 50g ak 47 $250 50g blueberry $350 we sell all type of strain that can make you high both medical use you can reach us on wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea,mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr stevemeds available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
no kid businesses no unnecessary waste of time.no unnecessary questions.and several strains and seeds of indica sativa and hybrid strains like the sour diesel,durban poison,white widow,purple kush,grand daddy purple,mauwi wauwi og kush,green crack,alaskan thunderfuck,master kush,jack herrer,snoopdog kush,black widow,girl scout cookies, we also make medical marijuana cards,permits and insurances,including prescriptions.for more information or orders,contact us cannabis oil donations from dr.muhammad marijuana products and cards.fresh buds and flowers,edibles and shatter and various others available.levee your support for legaliation of weed.help of local deal save them from scams local supplies,support wickr.
top shelf available og kush blue rhino gscs white widow afghan etc lsd molly coke pain meds oxies and roxies xanax xr 2mg we grow quality organic sativa and indica buds.hand trimmed and perfectly cured, nice dense and frosty with loud smell nugs,no shake,great taste and good for medical issues to cure lost of appetite,migraine headaches,insomnia,chronic and severe pains, cancer,epilepsy,inflammation,digestive disorders, anxiety disorders,nausea, depression,social anxiety,stress and many more health ailments.strain include bubba kush, blue dream, og kush, sour diesel, jack the hair, girl scout, white widow purple kush, ak47, blueberry, master kush, grand daddy purple kush and a few more strains not mention here.
lysol disinfecting wipes value pack, lemon and lime blossom, 240 count disinfecting wipes kill 99.9 of cold flu viruses and antibiotic resistant bacteria including influenza a virus h2n2, human corona virus, strep, and staph lysol wipes kills 99.9 of viruses bacteria including salmonella, e.coli, hepes simplex virus, lysol wipes remove more than 95 of allergens and help prevent the growth of mold mildew this thick strong cleaning wipe is great at cleaning up messes in the home, bathroom, kitchen, office, and gyms disinfectant wipes are great to use on door knobs, hand rails, counter tops, tables, sinks, and anywhere where germs may be present 80 count pack of 3 buy it so email me at lilyfisher4 at; gmail dot com.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr henryj453 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr healthkeep available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr healthkeep11 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr id: pharmaalex available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
liquor licence for in excess of 200 people sensational location with two commercial kitchens expression of interest suit buyers who need high profile presence and substantial infrastructure excellent corporate and local market turnover $25k plus per week, as advised by vendor long lease and main arterial road frontage interior design would suit all cuisines area one seating for 110 substantial commercial kitchen renovated kitchen and bar ample storage including an external building rear access onto a serviceable laneway area two seating for 110 commercial kitchen and large bar area ideal for functions storage room and additional restrooms it is not often that such a large restaurant is offered for sale so close to the city of melbourne.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: buddeal place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr wickr id: buddeal wickr id: buddeal available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr medicalservice available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card available pain relief and cocaine coke oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd molly 100 quality cocaine coke wickr id: pharmaalex.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: masterpills247 place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via gmail at bestmedstore wickr id: masterpills247 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: kushsupplier705 place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via gmail at bestmedstore wickr id: kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: kushsupplier705 place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via gmail at bestmedstore wickr id: kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: kushsupplier705 place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via gmail at bestmedstore wickr id: kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: kushsupplier705 place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via gmail at bestmedstore wickr id: kushsupplier705 available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right wickr id: jerrystam place to look in our meds all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr wickr id: jerrystam wickr id: jerrystam emai jerrystam2 at g mail dot com available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card xanax,cocaine, shards molly,mdma,suboxone,oxycodone,adderal, percocet, ketamine and more.
420 nice hydro 420 footscray $ $ only service no change given $ 50 3.5 $ 80 q $ 140 half $ 250 bag wickr only service always on weight always face to face cash only email me at show contact info for sale is my 2011 holden commodore it has: 20 inch hsvi wheels with custom transformers autobot centre caps in the wheels transformers autobot emblems front and back that glow orange when the headlights come on transformer racing stripes only 53,000kms serviced every 10,000kms washed every week and waxed every fortnight number plates will not be sold with the car you will love these features remote central locking electronic stability control esc bluetooth connectivity electronic brake force distribution ebd front colour display screen front cup holders side airbags usb audio input rego paid until may 2016.
it is a healing herb that helps in relaxation and is good for your health top medical strains for all patients suffering from depression,glaucoma,anxiety and tension,headaches,chronic pain and nausea, mentaland physical fatigue and for calming aromatherapy then you are in the right place to look in our products all top grade aa with high level of cbd and thc contact for your supply and good health, just hit me via wickr medicalservice available buds in stock hemp oil rick simpson oil master kush sour diesel blueberry girls scout cookies grand daddy purple og kush northern light green crack hemp oil medical marijuana license card available pain relief and cocaine coke oxycodone roxicodine adderall xanax lsd molly 100 quality cocaine coke download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text hook up at wickr id.
hey i have only the best buds available check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsrep or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly hey i have only the best buds available check out my rates: $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsrep or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly download the wickr app from your play or app store and send me a text contact download wickr id on app store weedguy420 contact download wickr id on app store weedguy420.
hey guys not gonna crap on about shit trying to grab you attention i'll let my gear doing the talking the facts i get high quality i know everyone says that but if i don't smoke it i won't sell it, i don't cut it cause not smart enough and not in it for money just to smoke for free and to meet like minded folks, the product burns clear and clean puddles nice and lasts long and not a harsh come down that's if u do come down i've forgotten what that is lol anyway contact sebangercold via wicker contactable nearly all hours thou do sleep norm between 4 9am but will get back asap to you prices: 1 3 $60e 4 $200 5 $240 1g $380 hb $550 b $850 note discounts will accrue when a regular connection happens till the these are the set prices yes cost bit more but u pay for a product you won't complain about also delivery fee may accrue if your more then 20km from me no money order no scam face to face money back if not satisfied enjoy the puff.
craigsturner123 $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsturner123 or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly hey i have only the best buds available check out my rates: wickr id craigsturner123 $50 3gs $90 7gs $160 14gs $270 28gs limited stock be quick delivery fee applies add me on wickr: craigsturner123 or stay in contact via email, if interested in arranging a meeting; leave me your number and desired amount i will contact you asap to discuss any further inquiries remember to check for responses regularly molly ultra caps wikr mocdoc capped at 180mgs guaranteed to have you flying for hrs clean come down 99 of the time nill cutters pure crystal dont ruin something great delivery available small fee depending on area pricing no swaps prices are firm $35.00each minimum 3 deliveryfee$10 5 capped at 180mgs $165.00 10 capped at 180mgs $320.00 20 capped at 180mgs $540.00 in all honesty 90 of customers have had nothing but great things to say about it but one girl had 15.
soulblu shops and distributors supply australian made and tested e liquids manufactured by eliquids australia pty ltd an australian company which has been iso 9001:2008 certified for its quality management system and performing with strict quality standards during manufacturing processes and distribution of safe for human use e liquids, e juices like you, we had many experiences with different types of products nicotine patches, nicotine lozenges, hypnotherapy, cold turkey and pills to give up the habit of smoking tobacco cigarettes, but nothing helped long enough, not until we tried this real and more economic alternative to tobacco cigarettes called electronic cigarette also known as e cigs e cigarette e smokes or smokeless cigarettes if you have any inquiry please call, visit us http: soulblu.com kind bars, dark chocolate chili almond, gluten free, 1.4 ounce bars, 12 count nuts are a natural source of vitamin e, fiber and monounsaturated fats low glycemic, low sodium, no trans fats gluten free good source of fiber a sweet and spicy blend of mixed nuts drizzled in chocolate with a trio of cascabel, ancho and habanero chilis 12 bars per pack, 16.8 ounce only 5g sugar 7g fiber 6g protein according to a recent yale griffin study,eating two kind bars per day helps to curb appetite and prevent weight gain.
spicy green herbal incense mr.nice guy blend black mamba spice wicked x herbal incense wicked xxx herbal incense mad maxx herbal incense xtreme spice incense herbs carribean dream herbal incense vibe incense black magic smoke red magic herbal incense without spice herbal incense funky green stuff mr.smiley herbal space original orbit herbal incense jamaican gold herbal incense jamaican spirit herbal incense stingray black extra large bonzai black diamond herbal incense red magic herbal incense bonzai citrus incense texas gold incense afghan incense supernova herbal incense space cadet herbal incense spike max incense solar gold herbal incense solar super herbal incense maya herbal incense mr.smiley herbal incense monkees go bananas herbal incense amazonas vanilla herbal incense moe joe plantinum incense gorby mix aromatic potpourri fidel mix aromatic potpourri dj aromatic potpourri double dutch herbal incense pulse herbal incense fire n ice herbal incense z bars relaxation herbal incense extreem potpourri funky monkey incense pandora platinum blind man herbal incense dead man walking herbal incense hush solid herbal incense lux s.werve mr.spicey green potpourri blue sky incense barely legal herbal incense buzz herbal incense colorado chronic herbal incense hammerhead herbal incense head trip potpourri nirvana herbal incense outer edge herbal incense raw earth aromatic potpourri samurai spirit incense tribe herbal blend white rhino herbal incense mr.miyagi herbal incense pandora herbal spice mamba clove herbal incense mamba mango incense spike max herbal incense spike gold herbal incense spike diamond incense herbs k2 solid herbal incense stimulus herbal incense fusion herbal incense nola gold herbal incense funky monkey incense demon ritual spicy botanical potpourri bayou blaster botanical potpourri armageddon herbal incense spice we have unlimited stock of the above shortlisted herbel incense and sell them in packs ranging from 10 packs, 20 packs, 100packs 1000packs etc.